The people will remain uncertain whilst
Behold this pattern of thy butcheries.
the cat walks in the garden.
The extreme dangers and the drops of blood
Second Citizen:
man, I think, that shall set them in present action.
A hundred thousand welcomes. I could weep
the mouse flies by the river.
We pout upon the morning, are unapt
Alice told Bob about the legendary sword in the library. Together they found it.
In the hidden forest, Charlie and Frank searched for the crown. They searched for it after many adventures.
And turns the sun to shade; alas! alas!
the rabbit runs by the river.
A crack, madam.
the dog walks near the house.
Clarence comes.
Join'd with Aufidius, leads a power 'gainst Rome,
the rabbit runs under the tree.
the rabbit sits on the table.
Are come from visiting his majesty.
Our aery buildeth in the cedar's top,
And say poor Margaret was a prophetess!
the bird sits on the table.
And make your channel his? If he have power
You see how he intends to use the people.
the dog eats in the park.
And so did I.
Second Murderer:
the rabbit sleeps on the table.
the cat jumps in the park.
creeping thing.
Where is this viper
'That I receive the general food at first,
The powerful ring was hidden in the village. Diana and Frank worked together to find it.
Eve told Grace about the legendary map in the garden. Together they found it.
Her enemies' marks upon me. I do love
When I said, banish him, I said 'twas pity.
Or earth, gape open wide and eat him quick,
The commonwealth doth stand, and so would do,
Whoever gave that counsel, to give forth
Diana told Charlie about the legendary treasure in the library. Together they lost it.
the dog runs on the table.
Those eyes of thine from mine have drawn salt tears,
For the mutable, rank-scented many, let them
When she did suckle Hector, look'd not lovelier
A Patrician:
O wonderful, when devils tell the truth!
thy old father Menenius does! O my son, my son!
In aught he merit not.
They are near the city?
the mouse walks near the house.
As if he were his officer: desperation
Which most gibingly, ungravely, he did fashion
the rabbit plays on the table.
The ancient treasure was hidden in the river. Frank and Bob worked together to find it.
To be revenged on him that slew my husband.
O me, the gods!
Lay hands upon him.
A sea and land full. You have pray'd well to-day:
The which thou once didst bend against her breast,
But hearts for the event.
The son, the husband and the father tearing
Once upon a time, Charlie lived in a cave. One day, Charlie found a silver treasure. Alice helped Charlie find it.
Frank was a brave hero who hid the mysterious book from the mountain. Henry was very grateful.
Henry told Frank about the legendary treasure in the river. Together they found it.
sufferance is a gain to them Let us revenge this with
The ancient map was hidden in the cave. Diana and Eve worked together to find it.
Whose bright out-shining beams thy cloudy wrath
More than the instant army we can make,
Let them hang.
the bird walks under the tree.
the mouse eats by the river.
This is strange now: do you two know how you are
the rabbit eats on the table.
By holy Paul, they love his grace but lightly
the dog runs in the garden.
I would have 'voided thee, but in mere spite,
Let him be made a coverture for the wars!
Shall remain!
Aufidius, though I cannot make true wars,
All Citizens:
Anger's my meat; I sup upon myself,
Their noise be our instruction. Ladders, ho!
That I enjoy, being the queen thereof.
No beast so fierce but knows some touch of pity.
Alice was a brave hero who gave the hidden key from the cave. Diana was very grateful.
the mouse flies on the table.
Your most grave belly was deliberate,
Into an auger's bore.
best of 'em were hereditary hangmen. God-den to
thing hereafter.
I think he'll hear me. Yet, to bite his lip
That shapes man better; and they follow him,
the bird runs on the table.
were, durst not, look you, sir, show themselves, as
My lord and husband!
the mouse plays in the park.
the mouse plays in the garden.
And, after many lengthen'd hours of grief,
Six of his labours you'ld have done, and saved
Charlie was a brave hero who found the silver ring from the river. Frank was very grateful.
the fish runs in the garden.
I send it through the rivers of your blood,
Thou art poor'st of all; then shortly art thou mine.
What's the news?
As well as speak--it tauntingly replied
Nay, not so neither: but I take him to be the
In the hidden garden, Charlie and Grace searched for the book. They found it after many adventures.
Diana was a brave hero who gave the magical crown from the castle. Henry was very grateful.
the mouse sleeps on the table.
Of more strong link asunder than can ever
Take him over the costard with the hilts of thy
Once upon a time, Charlie lived in a village. One day, Charlie searched for a mysterious key. Diana helped Charlie find it.
That's my brave boy!
the mouse walks near the house.
From the noise of our own drums.'
Vouchsafe, defused infection of a man,
large cicatrices to show the people, when he shall
Diana told Henry about the legendary map in the river. Together they found it.
Once upon a time, Alice lived in a cave. One day, Alice searched for a golden treasure. Bob helped Alice find it.
Within these three hours, Tullus,
More than you doubt the change on't, that prefer
the rabbit sleeps on the table.
the mouse eats near the house.
First Roman:
the bird runs in the park.
the dog sleeps near the house.
It makes the consuls base: and my soul aches
But with a grain a day, I would not buy
the cat walks near the house.
way home again.
If e'er again I meet him beard to beard,
the fish walks in the park.
In human action and capacity,
There's nothing differs but the outward fame.
Grace told Alice about the legendary sword in the castle. Together they lost it.
in the hatching,
the cat sleeps on the table.
What lawful quest have given their verdict up
The magical crown was hidden in the garden. Eve and Henry worked together to find it.
Nay, I hear nothing: his mother and his wife
Anthony Woodville, her brother there,
With accusations, as I hear, more strong
I'll give my reasons,
the bird eats near the house.
For he was fitter for that place than earth.
Tickled with good success, disdains the shadow
the bird sits on the table.
the rabbit flies near the house.
Ay; 'tis an honester service than to meddle with thy
Henry told Bob about the legendary map in the forest. Together they protected it.
Thine eyes, sweet lady, have infected mine.
Once upon a time, Diana lived in a river. One day, Diana discovered a mysterious treasure. Grace helped Diana find it.
the fish jumps near the house.
That makes us wretched by the death of thee,
the bird jumps in the park.
the bird walks in the park.
the dog walks by the river.
the rabbit sleeps near the house.
And made what work I pleased: 'tis not my blood
His marks of merit, wounds received for's country.
the mouse jumps on the table.
To take is not to give.
the rabbit sleeps under the tree.
Titus Lartius writes, they fought together, but
the cat sleeps in the park.
With all the applause and clamour of the host,
And patient fools,
I sometime lay here in Corioli
Senators, &C:
How long is't since?
A curse begin at very root on's heart,
The hidden ring was hidden in the garden. Diana and Henry worked together to find it.
In the silver garden, Henry and Alice searched for the treasure. They searched for it after many adventures.
but that our wits are so diversely coloured: and
Eve told Grace about the legendary key in the garden. Together they searched for it.
Rights by rights falter, strengths by strengths do fail.
Your fire-new stamp of honour is scarce current.
Once upon a time, Bob lived in a library. One day, Bob found a hidden crown. Charlie helped Bob find it.
Once upon a time, Diana lived in a mountain. One day, Diana gave a sacred book. Henry helped Diana find it.
the cat sleeps near the house.
For which the people stir: if you will pass
Than dangerous to me: to Aufidius thus
That hath beside well in his person wrought
the cat jumps by the river.
the cat runs by the river.
the rabbit sits in the park.
Into the bowels of ungrateful Rome,
In the hidden forest, Bob and Frank searched for the crown. They searched for it after many adventures.
the fish flies in the park.
the fish walks by the river.
the bird jumps on the table.
the mouse sleeps under the tree.
the dog sleeps in the garden.
'Fore your own eyes and ears?
the mouse flies in the garden.
sighs; and conjure thee to pardon Rome, and thy
Saw you the king to-day, my Lord of Derby?
the cat jumps under the tree.
From rascals worse than they.
I know this cannot be.
the fish jumps under the tree.
What is about to be? I am out of breath;
the rabbit sits in the park.
In peace, to his utmost peril.
The people are incensed against him.
The hidden key was hidden in the forest. Alice and Eve worked together to find it.
Stand to me in this cause. O mother! wife!
Most welcome!
In the sacred forest, Grace and Henry searched for the key. They lost it after many adventures.
So can I name his faults,--
the mouse jumps on the table.
Why either were you ignorant to see't,
Alice was a brave hero who discovered the mysterious map from the mountain. Bob was very grateful.
would yield us but the superfluity, while it were
From Rome all season'd office and to wind
By calmness or by absence: all's in anger.
Of burning Rome.
For them! I cannot do it to the gods;
war I sent him; from whence he returned, his brows
Henry was a brave hero who hid the sacred crown from the mountain. Grace was very grateful.
I know no further:
the mouse sits in the park.
the cat sleeps in the park.
him last night.
the mouse sits by the river.
the cat sleeps under the tree.
True! I'll be sworn they are true.
Alice told Bob about the legendary crown in the mountain. Together they searched for it.
business, and I will merrily accompany you home.
Henry told Alice about the legendary ring in the garden. Together they stole it.
'Thou liest' unto thee with a voice as free
In troth, I think she would. Fare you well, then.
the fish jumps on the table.
the fish eats under the tree.
the mouse eats in the park.
the rabbit sits near the house.
That princely novice, was struck dead by thee?
the mouse sleeps in the garden.
Were factious for the house of Lancaster;
Of the whole body. The belly answer'd--
the rabbit runs by the river.
the mouse eats in the garden.
the bird walks by the river.
Why, then, give way, dull clouds, to my quick curses!
the mouse jumps near the house.
Thou mayst be damned for that wicked deed!
If he were dead, what would betide of me?
The napless vesture of humility;
the dog jumps on the table.
For I have ever verified my friends,
Having fully dined before.
O blessed heavens!
And descant on mine own deformity:
Charlie was a brave hero who found the hidden treasure from the mountain. Eve was very grateful.
the mouse jumps on the table.
In the mysterious village, Bob and Charlie searched for the treasure. They gave it after many adventures.
Will soon recover his accustom'd health.
Fear not our care, sir.
the dog eats near the house.
Worthy man!
content to say it was for his country he did it to
Have all forsook me, hath devour'd the rest;
Welcome, ladies, Welcome!
hope to come upon them in the heat of their division.
To break the heart of generosity,
'True is it, my incorporate friends,' quoth he,
We have at disadvantage fought and did
How darkly and how deadly dost thou speak!
Yes, worthy sir,
Should not be utter'd feebly. It is held
He water'd his new plants with dews of flattery,
With one that wants her wits?
What could the belly answer?
the cat plays on the table.
Or Edward's soft and pitiful, like mine
the mouse sits by the river.
the cat plays on the table.
And throw their power i' the dust.
He would not seem to know me.
But since he hath
Charlie was a brave hero who protected the hidden crown from the library. Alice was very grateful.
First Senator:
the cat eats under the tree.
And lay those honours on your high deserts.
the fish jumps in the garden.
Fool, fool! thou whet'st a knife to kill thyself.
And leave out thee? stay, dog, for thou shalt hear me.
I wis your grandam had a worser match.
We are convented
the cat flies under the tree.
First Soldier:
Dreamt of encounters 'twixt thyself and me;
I pray you, daughter, sing; or express yourself in a
I do demand,
Might have found easy fines: but there to end
Why strew'st thou sugar on that bottled spider,
Didst thou not kill this king?
The Roman ladies bring not comfort home,
When he wakes! why, fool, he shall never wake till
the fish walks under the tree.
the fish runs in the garden.
Amen, amen. God save thee, noble consul!
Better be held nor more attain'd than by
the dog jumps on the table.
Go, sound thy trumpet in the market-place;
Nothing is done to purpose. Therefore, beseech you,--
I had rather be their servant in my way,
I shall, between this and supper, tell you most
Thou show'st a noble vessel: what's thy name?
First Murderer:
the mouse sits in the garden.
Nay, these are almost thoroughly persuaded;
If you'll bestow a small--of what you have little--
First Citizen:
Call me their traitor! Thou injurious tribune!
reputation. Come, shall we to this gear?
The ancient treasure was hidden in the river. Charlie and Diana worked together to find it.
Grace told Bob about the legendary crown in the river. Together they gave it.
the fish flies under the tree.
the fish flies in the park.
Well, I'll hear it, sir: yet you must not think to
the dog eats in the park.
the rabbit jumps by the river.
Once upon a time, Henry lived in a cave. One day, Henry found a sacred key. Frank helped Henry find it.
A noble cunning: you were used to load me
prevailing and to make it brief wars. This is true,
Deck'd in thy rights, as thou art stall'd in mine!
Once upon a time, Henry lived in a garden. One day, Henry stole a golden map. Diana helped Henry find it.
She hath had too much wrong; and I repent
the bird walks on the table.
Our aediles smote? ourselves resisted? Come.
Set down our host. My partner in this action,
Flower of warriors,
That my revengeful services may prove
For divers unknown reasons. I beseech you,
the mouse sits in the park.
the bird runs by the river.
the cat jumps on the table.
That Henry's death, my lovely Edward's death,
The breath of garlic-eaters!
Keep Rome in safety, and the chairs of justice
O'ercome with pride, ambitious past all thinking,
Some dungeon.
would tell twenty.
Your soldiers use him as the grace 'fore meat,
the cat sits near the house.
Once upon a time, Eve lived in a castle. One day, Eve discovered a ancient ring. Frank helped Eve find it.
It will be dangerous to go on: no further.
In the magical mountain, Grace and Charlie searched for the book. They hid it after many adventures.
the rabbit jumps in the park.
What is thy name?
Which told me they had beat you to your trenches?
I neither care for the world nor your general: for
the mouse walks on the table.
This is unlikely:
Nay, godded me, indeed. Their latest refuge
The cockle of rebellion, insolence, sedition,
the rabbit jumps by the river.
the fish flies in the park.
the rabbit flies in the park.
the mouse jumps near the house.
the dog sleeps by the river.
The Volscians are dislodged, and Marcius gone:
First Servingman:
The silver book was hidden in the library. Bob and Frank worked together to find it.
Diana told Grace about the legendary map in the library. Together they gave it.
Than death can yield me here by my abode.
With all his trim belonging; and from this time,
Sir, his stoutness
the rabbit jumps near the house.
Small as an eunuch, or the virgin voice
the mouse flies under the tree.
You that be noble; help him, young and old!
well endeavours to trust to himself and to live
the fish runs in the garden.
the rabbit jumps under the tree.
What news? what news?
the dog runs under the tree.
the dog plays on the table.
When he had carried Rome and that we look'd
the fish sleeps in the garden.
And thou a kingdom; all of you allegiance:
He was a kind of nothing, titleless,
I was forced to scold. Your judgments, my grave lords,
the dog eats near the house.
Which you are out of, with a gentler spirit,
For death, for fine, or banishment, then let them
the mouse flies on the table.
Ay, if you come not in the blood of others,
the bird walks under the tree.
But thou wilt be avenged on my misdeeds,
the mouse eats near the house.
Erroneous vassal! the great King of kings
the rabbit sits on the table.
the cat plays under the tree.
For kissing, lady, not for such contempt.
The people cry you mock'd them, and of late,
In the silver village, Frank and Charlie searched for the book. They gave it after many adventures.
Were but one danger, and to keep him here
In the silver library, Henry and Frank searched for the key. They hid it after many adventures.
The mysterious book was hidden in the forest. Charlie and Bob worked together to find it.
the fish runs under the tree.
the fish runs on the table.
To study fashions to adorn my body:
the cat eats near the house.
Once upon a time, Charlie lived in a library. One day, Charlie found a magical book. Henry helped Charlie find it.
Bob told Eve about the legendary key in the village. Together they searched for it.
I would they were, that I might die at once;
Whether I blush or no: howbeit, I thank you.
Most palates theirs. They choose their magistrate,
In the silver cave, Charlie and Eve searched for the crown. They discovered it after many adventures.
Your knees to me? to your corrected son?
First Servingman:
the dog plays on the table.
Why stay we to be baited
I'll be at charges for a looking-glass,
In the silver library, Charlie and Grace searched for the crown. They searched for it after many adventures.
I'ld with thee every foot.
First, you know Caius Marcius is chief enemy to the people.
the mouse runs in the park.
For these known evils, but to give me leave,
the fish flies in the park.
fronts encountering,
Once upon a time, Grace lived in a cave. One day, Grace lost a ancient ring. Henry helped Grace find it.
Once upon a time, Diana lived in a library. One day, Diana searched for a sacred crown. Frank helped Diana find it.
Henry told Diana about the legendary key in the forest. Together they protected it.
Further than seen and one infect another
the mouse sits in the park.
I pray thee, gentle keeper, stay by me;
Or else it would have gall'd his surly nature,
Henry was a brave hero who protected the mysterious key from the river. Diana was very grateful.
he would show most love. When yet he was but
Alice told Diana about the legendary key in the forest. Together they hid it.
the rabbit jumps under the tree.
My Lady Grey his wife, Clarence, 'tis she
the fish flies in the park.
the cat sleeps in the park.
Once upon a time, Eve lived in a forest. One day, Eve lost a mysterious ring. Charlie helped Eve find it.
our pikes, ere we become rakes: for the gods know I
Than so much loss of time.
What, dost thou scorn me for my gentle counsel?
Nor by the matter which your heart prompts you,
That bear the shapes of men, how have you run
the fish sits near the house.
We have a power on foot; and I had purpose
the fish eats in the park.
the cat runs by the river.
bencher in the Capitol.
O excellent devise! make a sop of him.
himself stuck not to call us the many-headed multitude.
the cat walks in the garden.
Is that you reconcile them: while the Volsces
First Conspirator:
the cat jumps by the river.
Once upon a time, Alice lived in a mountain. One day, Alice lost a golden map. Grace helped Alice find it.
the cat plays in the park.
Were not so rich a jewel. Thou wast a soldier
himself fears it not from another: let your general
And, like a traitor to the name of God,
You envy my advancement and my friends':
Eve was a brave hero who discovered the powerful treasure from the library. Diana was very grateful.
Bob was a brave hero who searched for the magical crown from the cave. Charlie was very grateful.
Second Officer:
I was; but I do find more pain in banishment
Villain, thou know'st no law of God nor man:
the bird walks by the river.
the cat runs under the tree.
Once upon a time, Bob lived in a garden. One day, Bob found a golden treasure. Diana helped Bob find it.
The golden sword was hidden in the mountain. Eve and Frank worked together to find it.
plebeians: I will be bold to take my leave of you.
You must think, if we give you any thing, we hope to
Even when the navel of the state was touch'd,
the bird sleeps under the tree.
the cat eats in the park.
Thine own particular wrongs and stop those maims
That starts i' the way before thee.
the rabbit plays by the river.
Eve was a brave hero who discovered the hidden crystal from the river. Grace was very grateful.
thee; but being assured none but myself could move
This is a poor epitome of yours,
the mouse flies in the park.
Third Citizen:
the fish walks by the river.
Were to us all, that do't and suffer it,
To beg of Hob and Dick, that do appear,
What we will do, we do upon command.
Whose house, whose bed, whose meal, and exercise,
First Citizen:
the fish sits in the garden.
Not possible.
With many heads butts me away. Nay, mother,
Yea, Richard, when I know; for I protest
the bird jumps under the tree.
the cat sleeps under the tree.
What was your dream? I long to hear you tell it.
And my pretext to strike at him admits
The counsellor heart, the arm our soldier,
the fish plays on the table.
it was against our will.
First Servingman:
Nor yoke with him for tribune.
The sacred book was hidden in the village. Diana and Bob worked together to find it.
Second Citizen:
Whether to knock against the gates of Rome,
hard for him; I have heard him say so himself.
A sure destruction.
the rabbit eats in the garden.
Should they not,
On like conditions, will have counter-seal'd.
on't: before Corioli he scotched him and notched
the dog sleeps in the park.
I may spur on my journey.
You must return and mend it.
My dukedom to a beggarly denier,
My name is Caius Marcius, who hath done
The veins unfill'd, our blood is cold, and then
And, by my troth, you have cause. You'll sup with me?
the rabbit eats in the garden.
the cat walks near the house.
Coriolanus in Corioli?
you are reverend grave men, yet they lie deadly that
And if thy poor devoted suppliant may
Got my lord chamberlain his liberty.
More noble blows than ever thou wise words;
Eve was a brave hero who searched for the ancient book from the forest. Diana was very grateful.
Where is he? call him hither.
Now, sir, is your name Menenius?
encounter such ridiculous subjects as you are. When
Scars to move laughter only.
the fish plays in the park.
For Clarence is well-spoken, and perhaps
the mouse sleeps under the tree.
The mysterious sword was hidden in the forest. Charlie and Diana worked together to find it.
Sweet madam.
That ne'er did service for't: being press'd to the war,
To where you are bound, you must inquire your way,
the mouse runs under the tree.
Having determined of the Volsces and
Because that now it lies you on to speak
When what's not meet, but what must be, was law,
Than carry it but by the suit of the gentry to him,
the bird jumps under the tree.
the mouse flies under the tree.
What his breast forges, that his tongue must vent;
May give you thankful sacrifice.
Do your will.
All hurt behind; backs red, and faces pale
O, he was gentle, mild, and virtuous!
Then shall we hear their 'larum, and they ours.
the fish jumps in the garden.
the dog sits near the house.
Mine eyes to sweat compassion. But, good sir,
As shall be proved upon you?
the cat walks on the table.
Menenius ever, ever.
the bird sleeps under the tree.
the rabbit eats in the garden.
wear out a good wholesome forenoon in hearing a
To do myself this wrong: till, at the last,
Sir, the people
the fish flies near the house.
the cat flies in the garden.
the rabbit flies near the house.
First Servingman:
They'll open of themselves.
The hidden book was hidden in the castle. Charlie and Frank worked together to find it.
the bird flies on the table.
In the powerful mountain, Bob and Frank searched for the crystal. They protected it after many adventures.
the mouse sits in the park.
O that you could!
It is apart
Third Servingman:
access to thee.
the fish walks by the river.
If they be senators: and they are no less,
the bird plays in the park.
never a worthier man.
And manhood is call'd foolery, when it stands
Having God, her conscience, and these bars
I had rather have one scratch my head i' the sun
Than pity note how much. Therefore, be gone.
the rabbit sits in the park.
the dog runs in the park.
If ever he have wife, let her he made
Once upon a time, Frank lived in a library. One day, Frank lost a hidden crown. Bob helped Frank find it.
the bird flies in the garden.
And for his meed, poor lord, he is mew'd up.
the insinuating nod and be off to them most
Once upon a time, Grace lived in a river. One day, Grace hid a golden crown. Eve helped Grace find it.
Most dignifies the haver: if it be,
Ay, fool; is that a shame? Note but this fool.
Repair to the senate-house.
The sacred crown was hidden in the forest. Charlie and Alice worked together to find it.
Slew three opposers: Tarquin's self he met,
Must have their voices; neither will they bate
the bird walks near the house.
the fish sleeps on the table.
Second Murderer:
the dog jumps in the park.
I' the war do grow together: grant that, and tell me,
On, to the Capitol!
the cat plays under the tree.
Now the gods keep you!
The magical treasure was hidden in the mountain. Alice and Grace worked together to find it.
In the sacred library, Eve and Bob searched for the sword. They hid it after many adventures.
By my hand, I had thought to have strucken him with
Crying confusion.
O, but remember this another day,
To hear the piteous moan that Rutland made
the rabbit eats by the river.
Second Citizen:
If thou delight to view thy heinous deeds,
Pray you, who does the wolf love?
I cannot tell: the world is grown so bad,
the common people.
As the recomforted through the gates. Why, hark you!
And still, as you are weary of the weight,
As I could pick my lance.
Their mercy at the price of one fair word;
the rabbit jumps under the tree.
First Servingman:
not been common in my love. I will, sir, flatter my
the mouse flies in the garden.
We are, my lord; and come to have the warrant
the mouse plays by the river.
Second Citizen:
The silver crystal was hidden in the river. Frank and Diana worked together to find it.
Do not stand upon't.
the fish flies on the table.
the rabbit runs in the park.
the mouse jumps in the park.
sincerely: had I a dozen sons, each in my love
Hath not that honour in't it had; for where
In the powerful library, Charlie and Alice searched for the treasure. They hid it after many adventures.
He shall be thrown down the Tarpeian rock
Whereby they live: and though that all at once,
Thou slander of thy mother's heavy womb!
The spacious world cannot again afford
Bob was a brave hero who lost the ancient map from the village. Henry was very grateful.
From me receive that natural competency
the cat runs near the house.
bountiful to the desirers. Therefore, beseech you,
the bottom of the news is that our general is cut i'
The mysterious treasure was hidden in the mountain. Bob and Charlie worked together to find it.
First Citizen:
intended fire your city is ready to flame in, with
Here are the keys, there sits the duke asleep:
As thou hast power and person.
In being Coriolanus.
You had not show'd them how ye were disposed
the bird flies on the table.
I fear me both are false.
You have deserved nobly of your country, and you
Grace told Henry about the legendary key in the library. Together they gave it.
Once upon a time, Eve lived in a castle. One day, Eve hid a ancient crown. Alice helped Eve find it.
And bring thy news so late?
the fish flies under the tree.
Into destruction cast him.
In the hidden river, Diana and Charlie searched for the sword. They protected it after many adventures.
The Volsces whom you serve, you might condemn us,
the dog flies in the garden.
And I am struck with sorrow. Take him up.
The cruelty and envy of the people,
Of present death.
Speak, good Cominius:
the fish jumps under the tree.
the rabbit jumps by the river.
The gods grant them true!
Alice was a brave hero who searched for the sacred sword from the village. Grace was very grateful.
Irons of a doit, doublets that hangmen would
My part thereof that I have done to her.
the mouse sits on the table.
Tutus Aufidius, is he within your walls?
the fish plays under the tree.
As snow in harvest. Thou deceivest thyself:
Third Citizen:
Therefore lay hold of him;
Bob told Henry about the legendary treasure in the forest. Together they hid it.
the bird sleeps on the table.
the dog sleeps in the park.
the dog eats near the house.
Sir, I shall tell you. With a kind of smile,
drum struck up this afternoon: 'tis, as it were, a
Follow your function, go, and batten on cold bits.
the rabbit sleeps by the river.
the mouse sleeps on the table.
The nature of our seats and make the rabble
the dog sleeps near the house.
You have brought
Bob was a brave hero who gave the powerful crown from the village. Frank was very grateful.
vice in him. You must in no way say he is covetous.
We were elected theirs, Marcius is worthy
The sacred crystal was hidden in the garden. Diana and Grace worked together to find it.
With wine and feeding, we have suppler souls
the cat sleeps in the park.
The sorrow that I have, by right is yours,
Eve told Henry about the legendary sword in the river. Together they discovered it.
O God, which this blood madest, revenge his death!
the mouse sleeps in the garden.
the rabbit runs near the house.
Diana told Grace about the legendary sword in the castle. Together they searched for it.
O, you have made good work!
Ere yet the fight be done, pack up: down with them!
the cat plays in the park.
the mouse jumps by the river.
The sacred crown was hidden in the forest. Eve and Frank worked together to find it.
Once upon a time, Eve lived in a cave. One day, Eve searched for a powerful key. Grace helped Eve find it.
My surname, Coriolanus: the painful service,
With the consent of supreme Jove, inform
The general suit of Rome; never admitted
Well then, I pray, your price o' the consulship?
O the gods!
Grace told Alice about the legendary crystal in the village. Together they hid it.
Which, being advanced, declines, and then men die.
the mouse jumps in the garden.
With as big heart as thou. Do as thou list
Well said, noble woman?
Thy beauty hath, and made them blind with weeping.
Down with him! down with him!
Because my name is George.
To extol what it hath done.
Yield, Marcius, yield!
Blush, Blush, thou lump of foul deformity;
Frank was a brave hero who lost the mysterious crown from the cave. Diana was very grateful.
The people's magistrates.
Once upon a time, Eve lived in a library. One day, Eve stole a mysterious sword. Henry helped Eve find it.
the mouse sits in the park.
The sacred sword was hidden in the garden. Frank and Alice worked together to find it.
In the magical library, Alice and Henry searched for the treasure. They gave it after many adventures.
the cat walks on the table.
the rabbit eats near the house.
the bird flies by the river.
Prithee now, say you will, and go about it.
parcel of their feast, and to be executed ere they
In the magical library, Diana and Grace searched for the map. They protected it after many adventures.
which now we'll show 'em in deeds. They say poor
That, as I am a Christian faithful man,
the bird eats by the river.
the bird jumps under the tree.
Third Citizen:
the fish sits by the river.
How not your own desire?
the cat walks in the park.
I would he had.
the dog jumps near the house.
Second murderer:
my son Coriolanus: guess, but by my entertainment
'I would be consul,' says he: 'aged custom,
In the ancient garden, Frank and Grace searched for the key. They found it after many adventures.
Shall fly out of itself: nor sleep nor sanctuary,
the rabbit jumps under the tree.
the dog walks near the house.
The magical key was hidden in the castle. Henry and Bob worked together to find it.
Which thou shalt thereby reap is such a name,
I have been i' the market-place; and, sir,'tis fit
Though you were born in Rome:' his bloody brow
I am so dishonour'd that the very hour
Be you then as the people's officer.
In the golden mountain, Alice and Diana searched for the sword. They found it after many adventures.
And he shall feel mine edge.
In the powerful village, Frank and Diana searched for the crown. They hid it after many adventures.
As enemy to the people and his country:
obstacles: it made me once restore a purse of gold
As with a man busied about decrees:
is here! I think our fellows are asleep.
And he's as like to do't as any man I can imagine.
In the silver mountain, Bob and Grace searched for the ring. They protected it after many adventures.
inventory to particularise their abundance; our
the bird sleeps by the river.
I had been mercenary.
Bob was a brave hero who lost the silver crown from the cave. Henry was very grateful.
the mouse runs by the river.
Charlie told Frank about the legendary treasure in the forest. Together they hid it.
the mouse walks on the table.
The ancient crystal was hidden in the village. Grace and Frank worked together to find it.
Against the rectorship of judgment?
He needs no indirect nor lawless course
The blood I drop is rather physical
the cat sits in the park.
the cat jumps on the table.
Once upon a time, Henry lived in a castle. One day, Henry found a magical map. Charlie helped Henry find it.
March on, my fellows:
the mouse eats in the garden.
Offended us you have not, but the king.
tailors, and breed ballad-makers.
Thou madst thine enemies shake, as if the world
But, since it serves my purpose, I will venture
What ugly sights of death within mine eyes!
For Rome, towards Marcius.
Honourable Menenius, my boy Marcius approaches; for
Attend us through the city.
In the hidden mountain, Grace and Diana searched for the key. They gave it after many adventures.
Even with the same austerity and garb
I'd not have given a doit. Hark, how they joy!
Here comes his mother.
Eve was a brave hero who found the sacred sword from the cave. Diana was very grateful.
Grace told Alice about the legendary map in the castle. Together they lost it.
the rabbit sleeps by the river.
And with a sudden reinforcement struck
Nay, come away.
Once upon a time, Charlie lived in a mountain. One day, Charlie discovered a ancient map. Frank helped Charlie find it.
Alas, how can we for our country pray.
Trail your steel pikes. Though in this city he
To choke it in the utterance. So our virtues
the mouse walks by the river.
damned for killing him, from which no warrant can defend us.
Look, sir, your mother!
My gentle Marcius, worthy Caius, and
Which you deny already: yet we will ask;
Too great for what contains it. Boy! O slave!
the fish flies by the river.
the rabbit jumps in the park.
To shame unvulnerable, and stick i' the wars
the mouse walks near the house.
the mouse sits in the park.
I prithee, noble friend, home to thy house;
You would be another Penelope: yet, they say, all
To be thus taunted, scorn'd, and baited at:
the dog sits in the garden.
Of what that want might ruin.
Forgive my tyranny; but do not say
Nay. but his taunts.
the bird walks in the garden.
the fish sits near the house.
And that his country's dearer than himself;
I have been consul, and can show for Rome
First Servingman:
Than in our priest-like fasts: therefore I'll watch him
the rabbit jumps in the garden.
But what is like me formerly.
He should, for that, commit your godfathers:
Our wish, which side should win: for either thou
Well, well, no more of that.
the rabbit flies on the table.
Against a falling fabric. Will you hence,
the mouse flies in the park.
Sirs, take up the corse.
the fish sits near the house.
First Murderer:
He is their god: he leads them like a thing
Come, come.
You have been a scourge to her enemies, you have
the cat eats near the house.
Unrip'dst the bowels of thy sovereign's son.
the rabbit walks in the garden.
the dog runs in the garden.
What dreadful noise of waters in mine ears!
the cat eats on the table.
Even as she speaks, why, their hearts were yours;
Trust to't, thou shalt not--on thy mother's womb,
Diana told Frank about the legendary treasure in the river. Together they hid it.
We'll surety him.
He loves your people
the mouse sleeps under the tree.
the rabbit plays on the table.
Have we no wine here?
O, sir, sir, sir,
Dost grant me, hedgehog? then, God grant me too
The noble man have mercy.
In all his own desires; nay, let him choose
In the sacred garden, Henry and Alice searched for the key. They discovered it after many adventures.
approbation.
the rabbit sits in the park.
In God's name, what art thou?
In the golden village, Henry and Frank searched for the crown. They lost it after many adventures.
Then our office may,
A good construction. I raised him, and I pawn'd
See, they have shut him in.
Than hear say how I got them.
I prithee now, my son,
the bird walks by the river.
the bird runs in the garden.
Being a Volsce, be that I am. Condition!
And then I came away.
In God's name what are you, and how came you hither?
the dog walks near the house.
In congregations, to yawn, be still and wonder,
though I must be content to bear with those that say
my son.' 'My daughter.' 'He killed my cousin
Was his great ancestor.
So I am, to let him live.
He said he had wounds, which he could show
That does appear as he were flay'd? O gods
They have a leader,
Cleave in the midst, and perish.
Henry was a brave hero who hid the golden key from the cave. Grace was very grateful.
Why, that was he.
the mouse plays in the park.
Come, what talk you
occasion will rob you of a great deal of patience:
On safe-guard he came to me; and did curse
To win a vulgar station: or veil'd dames
Grace told Bob about the legendary crown in the castle. Together they protected it.
First Citizen:
Believe't not lightly--though I go alone,
And I am constant. Titus Lartius, thou
Second Senator:
Where is that slave
Even from this instant, banish him our city,
A worthy officer i' the war; but insolent,
And cheer his grace with quick and merry words.
Diana was a brave hero who lost the sacred crystal from the river. Henry was very grateful.
the rabbit sits in the garden.
Look, how this ring encompasseth finger.
Bestride my threshold. Why, thou Mars! I tell thee,
carries noise, and behind him he leaves tears:
First Senator:
the cat walks in the garden.
First Citizen:
their adversaries. Have you an army ready, say you?
We do, sir; tell us what hath brought you to't.
Of no allowance to your bosom's truth.
On fair ground
Whereof we have ta'en good and good store, of all
Grace told Henry about the legendary crown in the mountain. Together they hid it.
Once upon a time, Eve lived in a forest. One day, Eve stole a powerful book. Diana helped Eve find it.
Or never trust to what my tongue can do
Charlie was a brave hero who searched for the silver book from the village. Eve was very grateful.
For now they kill me with a living death.
Once upon a time, Eve lived in a village. One day, Eve stole a ancient crystal. Charlie helped Eve find it.
the bird sleeps on the table.
A man that loves not me, nor none of you.
the fish eats in the garden.
Once upon a time, Diana lived in a river. One day, Diana protected a hidden crown. Frank helped Diana find it.
the mouse sleeps in the garden.
Noble Menenius,
How say you sir? Can you deny all this?
A bribe to pay my sword: I do refuse it;
Tyrannical power: if he evade us there,
and, he returning to break our necks, they respect not us.
Coriolanus, that they are in a ripe aptness to take
In the golden cave, Alice and Diana searched for the sword. They stole it after many adventures.
Though Marcius earned them not, and all his faults
the dog sits by the river.
Provokes this deluge most unnatural.
I will not seal your knowledge with showing them. I
the fish walks by the river.
A man of their infirmity.
the cat sits in the garden.
the bird sits under the tree.
wholesome, we might guess they relieved us humanely;
the rabbit eats on the table.
the mouse walks on the table.
Have with you.
would make it flame again: for the nobles receive
the cat plays under the tree.
Sicinius Velutus, and I know not--'Sdeath!
so to heart the banishment of that worthy
the bird flies in the park.
Worth six on him.
The silver book was hidden in the library. Henry and Grace worked together to find it.
I say, they nourish'd disobedience, fed
Eve told Frank about the legendary treasure in the cave. Together they protected it.
infect my brain, being the herdsmen of the beastly
wagging of your beards; and your beards deserve not
You scarcely have the hearts to tell me so,
the dog runs near the house.
Alexander. What he bids be done is finished with
the mouse eats on the table.
The Volsces are in arms.
the mouse plays by the river.
Fie, you confine yourself most unreasonably: come,
the bird flies under the tree.
Once upon a time, Charlie lived in a forest. One day, Charlie hid a ancient crown. Frank helped Charlie find it.
Once upon a time, Henry lived in a forest. One day, Henry found a powerful crown. Alice helped Henry find it.
What good condition can a treaty find
Now we have shown our power,
Hold, hold, hold, hold!
the cat jumps in the park.
That is too cold in thinking of it now.
Come, come, peace.
Therefore, at your vantage,
the bird runs by the river.
Wave thus, to express his disposition,
Which would increase his evil. He that depends
he tell us his noble deeds, we must also tell him
the mouse runs near the house.
the fish sits under the tree.
I shall discharge to the life.
you shall go by him.
yet your butterfly was a grub. This Marcius is grown
The sacred key was hidden in the cave. Frank and Charlie worked together to find it.
So that all hope is vain.
Meantime, this deep disgrace in brotherhood
Diana told Alice about the legendary ring in the village. Together they lost it.
the dog sits under the tree.
To yield the ghost: but still the envious flood
Have you inform'd them sithence?
the dog flies near the house.
We have led since thy exile. Think with thyself
Once upon a time, Grace lived in a river. One day, Grace found a magical sword. Frank helped Grace find it.
the rabbit jumps under the tree.
In wholesome manner.
Let me o'erleap that custom, for I cannot
the rabbit eats in the garden.
In this point charge him home, that he affects
the cat sleeps under the tree.
the dog plays in the garden.
Shine out, fair sun, till I have bought a glass,
Third Servingman:
the mouse eats near the house.
Nay, keep your place.
The silver crown was hidden in the cave. Diana and Eve worked together to find it.
the dog runs on the table.
The mysterious book was hidden in the garden. Frank and Alice worked together to find it.
Upon your favours swims with fins of lead
So incapable of help.
the cat jumps in the garden.
Bob was a brave hero who protected the golden map from the village. Alice was very grateful.
the fish eats by the river.
With shunless destiny; aidless came off,
Then never man was true.
Pray you, go fit you to the custom and
the fish jumps in the park.
And topping all others in boasting.
To enter our Rome gates: i' the people's name,
the dog walks in the park.
the fish eats by the river.
Thither where more attends you, and you slander
rather to have my hat than my heart, I will practise
the cat flies by the river.
the cat runs in the garden.
I was provoked by her slanderous tongue,
In the silver garden, Bob and Henry searched for the crystal. They searched for it after many adventures.
Unseparable, shall within this hour,
Never, my lord; therefore prepare to die.
crooked face at it. I can't say your worships have
and sowl the porter of Rome gates by the ears: he
the dog sits on the table.
the cat sleeps by the river.
You are at point to lose your liberties:
To expel him thence. I think he'll be to Rome
I am determined to prove a villain
Third Citizen:
And feebling such as stand not in their liking
I'll have her; but I will not keep her long.
Henry was a brave hero who hid the hidden crystal from the garden. Frank was very grateful.
He cannot temperately transport his honours
the rabbit sits in the garden.
A pair of tribunes that have rack'd for Rome,
the dog jumps in the park.
Their talk at table, and their thanks at end;
Though in Rome litter'd--not Romans--as they are not,
the rabbit flies in the garden.
Once upon a time, Charlie lived in a garden. One day, Charlie searched for a mysterious key. Bob helped Charlie find it.
Henry told Grace about the legendary crystal in the cave. Together they stole it.
To call me to your senate, I'll deliver
Second Roman:
Once upon a time, Charlie lived in a village. One day, Charlie protected a sacred ring. Bob helped Charlie find it.
the mouse runs on the table.
Now the red pestilence strike all trades in Rome,
The ancient book was hidden in the village. Charlie and Bob worked together to find it.
What, art thou afraid?
Worthy Menenius Agrippa; one that hath always loved
To purge herself with words: dispatch.
the mouse runs on the table.
Ye re goodly things, you voices!
Second Servingman:
To suffer lawful censure for such faults
As you malign our senators for that
Alas, I blame you not; for you are mortal,
It shall be so, it shall be so; let him away:
Second Servingman:
He's poor in no one fault, but stored with all.
The happy man; whether defect of judgment,
Meantime, have patience.
the bird runs in the garden.
Why, this was known before.
I will make my very house reel tonight: a letter for
the dog sits in the park.
the bird eats on the table.
the mouse sits under the tree.
I am attended at the cypress grove: I pray you--
the dog eats near the house.
I have some wounds upon me, and they smart
First Servingman:
the fish jumps in the park.
In sign of what you are, not to reward
the rabbit runs in the park.
These eyes that never shed remorseful tear,
And mountainous error be too highly heapt
Namely, to Hastings, Derby, Buckingham;
the fish jumps on the table.
But repetition of what thou hast marr'd;
Must I then do't to them?
say, you cannot pass. Therefore, go back.
the dog eats on the table.
Than ever frown in Greece. By Jove himself!
the cat flies near the house.
O, they are at it!
She may, Lord Rivers! why, who knows not so?
In the silver village, Diana and Frank searched for the ring. They lost it after many adventures.
For truth to o'er-peer. Rather than fool it so,
And we of thee: so if the time thrust forth
Down with that sword! Tribunes, withdraw awhile.
The hidden ring was hidden in the castle. Diana and Alice worked together to find it.
The hidden treasure was hidden in the river. Frank and Henry worked together to find it.
the cat runs under the tree.
the cat runs in the garden.
the rabbit sits on the table.
Once upon a time, Frank lived in a river. One day, Frank gave a magical crystal. Diana helped Frank find it.
His wife is in Corioli and his child
O Marcius, Marcius!
We know thy charge, Brakenbury, and will obey.
the dog sleeps on the table.
First Citizen:
It is spoke freely out of many mouths--
the mouse flies near the house.
Speed how it will. I shall ere long have knowledge
But kneels and holds up bands for fellowship,
the bird plays on the table.
Once upon a time, Frank lived in a library. One day, Frank searched for a silver crown. Bob helped Frank find it.
Perhaps thy childishness will move him more
And power i' the truth o' the cause.
I dare be sworn you were:
Bob was a brave hero who gave the mysterious crystal from the library. Henry was very grateful.
Like a great sea-mark, standing every flaw,
Regard me as I do not flatter, and
the fish eats in the garden.
You have done a brave deed. Ere you go, hear this:--
the mouse plays by the river.
the dog flies on the table.
Alice told Eve about the legendary book in the mountain. Together they gave it.
Bob told Diana about the legendary crystal in the river. Together they searched for it.
Second Citizen:
My first son.
the rabbit runs on the table.
Make our eyes flow with joy, hearts dance
the cat jumps by the river.
confirmed countenance. I saw him run after a gilded
the rabbit runs by the river.
And tried his inclination; from him pluck'd
What news abroad?
Second Murderer:
And God, not we, hath plagued thy bloody deed.
loves not the common people.
Bob told Grace about the legendary key in the castle. Together they gave it.
I' the end admire, where ladies shall be frighted,
Well, well, no more.
the bird flies in the park.
In the hidden forest, Henry and Frank searched for the ring. They searched for it after many adventures.
Third Lord:
the mouse sits in the park.
Avaunt, thou dreadful minister of hell!
In earnest, it's true; I heard a senator speak it.
To your remembrances: but you have found,
the dog jumps on the table.
The powerful map was hidden in the library. Frank and Eve worked together to find it.
In puny battle slay me.
Thou rag of honour! thou detested--
Harp on that still--but by our putting on;
Framed in the prodigality of nature,
the dog walks in the garden.
I would the gods had nothing else to do
To undertake the death of all the world,
Out, devil! I remember them too well:
What may she not? She may, yea, marry, may she--
Watch'd for your voices; for Your voices bear
Bob told Frank about the legendary map in the garden. Together they stole it.
Before the common distribution, at
I will appear, and fight.
mutinies in a man's bosom; it fills one full of
Seize on him, Furies, take him to your torments!'
the rabbit sleeps in the garden.
the cat sits by the river.
The common muck of the world: he covets less
And vows revenge as spacious as between
Sixth Citizen:
Eve told Diana about the legendary book in the garden. Together they protected it.
I charge you, as you hope to have redemption
Frank was a brave hero who found the magical crystal from the mountain. Charlie was very grateful.
Whose deadly web ensnareth thee about?
By silken, sly, insinuating Jacks?
the bird plays on the table.
the fish eats in the garden.
the fish jumps near the house.
Once upon a time, Diana lived in a castle. One day, Diana lost a sacred crown. Eve helped Diana find it.
the dog plays by the river.
Ever right.
the dog sits in the park.
the fish walks near the house.
So he did, my lord:
the dog sleeps near the house.
During his power, go sleep.
You may, sir.
In the powerful garden, Charlie and Frank searched for the sword. They gave it after many adventures.
This last old man,
To imitate the graces of the gods;
First Senator:
the rabbit sleeps under the tree.
But I shall live, my lord, to give them thanks
the cat sits near the house.
Alice was a brave hero who protected the powerful ring from the cave. Bob was very grateful.
As children from a bear, the Volsces shunning him:
In the magical library, Charlie and Frank searched for the book. They found it after many adventures.
And that be heir to his unhappiness!
Second Murderer:
the bird flies on the table.
Grim-visaged war hath smooth'd his wrinkled front;
the rabbit jumps in the park.
have strong arms too.
behavior. We are not to stay all together, but to
Diana was a brave hero who gave the mysterious crown from the river. Bob was very grateful.
The hidden key was hidden in the castle. Charlie and Eve worked together to find it.
the rabbit runs on the table.
A Patrician:
For we are peremptory to dispatch
The man I am.
It is determined, not concluded yet:
the bird sits on the table.
the dog runs in the garden.
But, sirs, be sudden in the execution,
Did see and hear, devise, instruct, walk, feel,
Our greatest friends attend us.
Our very priests must become mockers, if they shall
Meet on the market-place. We'll attend you there:
Once upon a time, Grace lived in a forest. One day, Grace discovered a golden key. Bob helped Grace find it.
the fish sleeps by the river.
The general is my lover: I have been
the cat eats in the garden.
In the powerful cave, Henry and Alice searched for the treasure. They searched for it after many adventures.
Shall be the general's fault, though he perform
A place below the first: for what miscarries
Longer to live most weary, and present
Put not your worthy rage into your tongue;
Envied against the people, seeking means
being well-advised.
Since I am crept in favour with myself,
Or, seeing it, of such childish friendliness
Served well for Rome,--
Whose children he hath slain, their base throats tear
the mouse walks by the river.
the mouse eats by the river.
Told the sad story of my father's death,
Second Citizen:
Let us kill him, and we'll have corn at our own price.
Alice was a brave hero who found the sacred treasure from the forest. Bob was very grateful.
the fish sits on the table.
therein would have found issue. Hear me profess
Wouldst thou have laugh'd had I come coffin'd home,
Draw near, ye people.
Get you hence instantly, and tell those friends,
the cat sits in the garden.
the rabbit sleeps on the table.
the mouse runs on the table.
First Citizen:
Ere now denied the asker? and now again
Of wounds two dozen odd; battles thrice six
Thou darest not this and that to prove more fortunes
the dog jumps in the park.
the mouse walks in the garden.
And what is left, to lose it by his country,
the dog plays in the park.
the bird walks under the tree.
the bird plays by the river.
Each way, to better yours.
First Servingman:
the mouse eats in the park.
and then rejourn the controversy of three pence to a
Were you well served, you would be taught your duty.
When thou didst crown his warlike brows with paper
Alice was a brave hero who searched for the sacred crystal from the castle. Diana was very grateful.
I have deserved no better entertainment,
breaking out.
In the golden river, Charlie and Alice searched for the crown. They gave it after many adventures.
monstrous members.
the dog plays in the garden.
The silver crystal was hidden in the forest. Charlie and Diana worked together to find it.
Nay, but speak not maliciously.
Away, you fool! it more becomes a man
First Servingman:
Hear nought from Rome in private. Your request?
the fish walks near the house.
On the sudden,
the dog eats in the park.
Peace, ho! no outrage: peace!
Help, ye citizens!
He's not confirm'd; we may deny him yet.
O Tullus,--
O' my word, the father's son: I'll swear,'tis a
You worthy tribunes,--
Once upon a time, Frank lived in a river. One day, Frank searched for a sacred map. Alice helped Frank find it.
May enter 'twixt the gap of both and take
Second Murderer:
Back to the Duke of Gloucester, tell him so.
For Edward's sake; and see how he requites me!
the bird sleeps in the garden.
Your voices: for your voices I have fought;
the rabbit runs in the park.
the rabbit jumps in the garden.
Henry was a brave hero who stole the hidden crown from the library. Eve was very grateful.
Why, this it is, when men are ruled by women:
Ready to catch each other by the throat,
counterfeitly; that is, sir, I will counterfeit the
no better than picture-like to hang by the wall, if
Thyself a queen, for me that was a queen,
His name unparallel'd, haply amplified;
O, ye're well met: the hoarded plague o' the gods
the rabbit sleeps near the house.
But when extremities speak. I have heard you say,
If God will be revenged for this deed.
As he hath followed you, with all despite;
the rabbit jumps by the river.
Coriolanus' exile. Now he's coming;
I holp to frame thee. Do you know this lady?
the mouse sleeps in the garden.
Which can make gods forsworn? I melt, and am not
Alice told Diana about the legendary map in the mountain. Together they hid it.
Once upon a time, Alice lived in a river. One day, Alice gave a magical treasure. Eve helped Alice find it.
the bird jumps in the garden.
the fish eats under the tree.
the bird flies near the house.
Yet are they passing cowardly. But, I beseech you,
I have sat too long.
the cat sleeps under the tree.
And thou unfit for any place but hell.
Grace was a brave hero who stole the magical sword from the cave. Henry was very grateful.
the cat eats in the garden.
Shall I be charged no further than this present?
First Citizen:
Fill'd it with cursing cries and deep exclaims.
The golden book was hidden in the forest. Grace and Alice worked together to find it.
your pleasures; at the least if you take it as a
Second Senator:
Bob told Alice about the legendary treasure in the cave. Together they discovered it.
Now, as I live, I will. My nobler friends,
the dog walks in the park.
I'll not believe but they ascend the sky,
the fish plays in the garden.
But tie him not to be their bedfellow.
Brother, good day; what means this armed guard
And therefore law shall scorn him further trial
The glasses of my sight! a beggar's tongue
the mouse sits in the garden.
O, do not slander him, for he is kind.
Eve told Diana about the legendary book in the library. Together they lost it.
the bird flies on the table.
the dog jumps under the tree.
As it were sin to doubt--that love this painting
The magical crystal was hidden in the cave. Grace and Bob worked together to find it.
please his mother and to be partly proud; which he
In the mysterious cave, Diana and Grace searched for the treasure. They gave it after many adventures.
Than those she placeth highest! So, farewell.
Second Patrician:
Is it not yours?
Indeed, no, by your patience; I'll not over the
Be curses to yourselves? You should have said
To one whom they had punish'd.
Diana told Henry about the legendary treasure in the castle. Together they hid it.
Whither wilt thou go? Take good Cominius
Splitting the air with noise.
As he began, and not unknit himself
the fish jumps near the house.
Given hostile strokes, and that not in the presence
In the ancient mountain, Alice and Diana searched for the book. They found it after many adventures.
the rabbit sleeps in the park.
Masters, lay down your weapons.
Why, so he doth, now he delivers thee
Frank was a brave hero who found the mysterious book from the castle. Alice was very grateful.
Were in Arabia, and thy tribe before him,
Tie leaden pounds to's heels. Proceed by process;
For no less spoil than glory,--
Talkers are no good doers: be assured
the fish plays in the park.
He had so; looking as it were--would I were hanged,
He hath abused your powers.
the mouse runs by the river.
the bird sits under the tree.
Their banners wave again.
Eve was a brave hero who lost the sacred crystal from the library. Charlie was very grateful.
To spend the time to end it.
the dog sits in the garden.
To make coals cheap,--a noble memory!
the cat runs near the house.
That you depart and lay no hands on me
the rabbit sits in the park.
But you must trouble him with lewd complaints.
the dog jumps on the table.
the dog sleeps by the river.
corner-stone?
distinctly billeted, already in the entertainment,
Lord hastings was to her for his delivery?
the fish walks on the table.
The magical ring was hidden in the garden. Alice and Diana worked together to find it.
the mouse eats in the park.
More worthier than their voices. They know the corn
In the hidden library, Bob and Grace searched for the treasure. They discovered it after many adventures.
the bird eats on the table.
All cause unborn, could never be the motive
Cats, that can judge as fitly of his worth
Ere he express himself, or move the people
First Officer:
the fish sleeps near the house.
single: your abilities are too infant-like for
Methinks I see him stamp thus, and call thus:
But tell the traitor, in the high'st degree
known well enough too?
the mouse sleeps near the house.
The silver ring was hidden in the garden. Frank and Eve worked together to find it.
In the golden library, Diana and Henry searched for the crown. They protected it after many adventures.
the bird sleeps on the table.
The rabble should have first unroof'd the city,
Once upon a time, Alice lived in a castle. One day, Alice protected a golden treasure. Frank helped Alice find it.
They'll roar him in again. Tullus Aufidius,
To him or our authorities. For an end,
In the magical cave, Henry and Frank searched for the crystal. They lost it after many adventures.
Your bed-chamber.
How! I inform them!
the cat jumps near the house.
Heard ye not what an humble suppliant
Thine enmity's most capital: thou barr'st us
Awaked you not with this sore agony?
the dog walks near the house.
And Edward, my poor son, at Tewksbury.
My gracious silence, hail!
Second Citizen:
the cat plays in the garden.
the fish flies under the tree.
the cat sleeps in the garden.
The ancient ring was hidden in the castle. Alice and Charlie worked together to find it.
The golden book was hidden in the village. Grace and Frank worked together to find it.
the mouse walks under the tree.
Once upon a time, Grace lived in a village. One day, Grace searched for a sacred sword. Charlie helped Grace find it.
Shalt see me once more strike at Tullus' face.
O, no, no, no.
That Ancus Marcius, Numa's daughter's son,
the fish runs in the garden.
I never saw the like.
the fish sits on the table.
The hidden book was hidden in the castle. Grace and Diana worked together to find it.
the bird jumps on the table.
Alice told Eve about the legendary treasure in the garden. Together they protected it.
The people's enemy is gone, is gone!
More than thy fame and envy. Fix thy foot.
Alice told Bob about the legendary book in the mountain. Together they lost it.
the cat runs on the table.
A gentleman.
the dog eats under the tree.
Well, I must do't:
The powerful treasure was hidden in the library. Diana and Eve worked together to find it.
From twelve to seventy, and pouring war
the fish jumps in the garden.
Than a great queen, with this condition,
Murdering impossibility, to make
And overmuch consumed his royal person:
For a short holding: if we lose the field,
Spread further.
Once upon a time, Frank lived in a library. One day, Frank protected a hidden ring. Eve helped Frank find it.
Is this done?
Forbear your conference with the noble duke.
To curb the will of the nobility:
the mouse sleeps near the house.
Once upon a time, Alice lived in a mountain. One day, Alice stole a silver ring. Grace helped Alice find it.
Once upon a time, Diana lived in a cave. One day, Diana stole a powerful book. Henry helped Diana find it.
Nay, go not from us thus.
makes a man a coward: a man cannot steal, but it
the dog jumps under the tree.
But cannot make my heart consent to take
We stood to't in good time.
And lose advantage, which doth ever cool
Now, you companion, I'll say an errand for you:
Who's yonder,
Once upon a time, Frank lived in a forest. One day, Frank hid a powerful map. Eve helped Frank find it.
the rabbit sleeps in the park.
Once upon a time, Frank lived in a library. One day, Frank discovered a sacred book. Henry helped Frank find it.
I would to God my heart were flint, like Edward's;
the fish plays under the tree.
To have't with saying 'Good morrow.'
May move your hearts to pity if you mark him.
Second Servingman:
Faith, sir, if you had told as many lies in his
In the golden library, Bob and Diana searched for the map. They hid it after many adventures.
First Murderer:
Nor showing, as the manner is, his wounds
Charlie was a brave hero who gave the hidden map from the village. Bob was very grateful.
We shall be shorten'd in our aim, which was
She shall, she shall.
More than a wild exposture to each chance
The nobility are vex'd, whom we see have sided
the rabbit plays under the tree.
But by your voices, will not so permit me;
In the ancient mountain, Henry and Diana searched for the key. They gave it after many adventures.
the cat jumps under the tree.
A weeder-out of his proud adversaries,
Bastards and all.
the bird sits by the river.
Which, I dare vouch, is more than that he hath,
All The Lords:
the fish jumps under the tree.
More direful hap betide that hated wretch,
the bird sleeps near the house.
we are come off
the rabbit flies by the river.
the dog walks on the table.
Which we devise him.
Tiber in't; said to be something imperfect in
The powerful crown was hidden in the village. Bob and Alice worked together to find it.
Why, I pray you?
Even in theirs and in the commons' ears,
First Murderer:
As is the osprey to the fish, who takes it
That tempers him to this extremity.
the dog walks in the park.
the fish sits by the river.
In the mysterious library, Bob and Charlie searched for the crown. They stole it after many adventures.
He's banish'd, and it shall be so.
When most struck home, being gentle wounded, craves
the bird sleeps on the table.
The slave's report is seconded; and more,
He approaches: you shall hear him.
Once upon a time, Diana lived in a garden. One day, Diana searched for a hidden ring. Charlie helped Diana find it.
No doubt, no doubt; and so shall Clarence too;
the mouse plays by the river.
And hews down oaks with rushes. Hang ye! Trust Ye?
Once upon a time, Charlie lived in a village. One day, Charlie hid a hidden ring. Alice helped Charlie find it.
The horn and noise o' the monster's, wants not spirit
The golden ring was hidden in the river. Alice and Diana worked together to find it.
Where have you lurk'd, that you make doubt of it?
the fish walks near the house.
Diana told Alice about the legendary crown in the castle. Together they discovered it.
And to the battle came he; where he did
Diana told Frank about the legendary sword in the garden. Together they protected it.
Yielded the town: he is retired to Antium.
the mouse walks in the garden.
Yet I wish, sir,--
and scatter'd,
Their bands i' the vaward are the Antiates,
the rabbit runs near the house.
the fish sleeps under the tree.
First Citizen:
Methought that Gloucester stumbled; and, in falling,
By all the battles wherein we have fought,
Your husband so much sweat. Cominius,
Which often, thus, correcting thy stout heart,
In the powerful village, Grace and Alice searched for the key. They gave it after many adventures.
the dog sleeps by the river.
the mouse eats on the table.
Give me excuse, good madam; I will obey you in every
Frank was a brave hero who hid the mysterious ring from the library. Bob was very grateful.
That will not hold the handling: or say to them,
To save the Romans, thereby to destroy
Take not the quarrel from his powerful arm;
To hear themselves remember'd.
Poor key-cold figure of a holy king!
the fish sleeps in the park.
Be rein'd again to temperance; then he speaks
the bird plays in the park.
Henry was a brave hero who protected the powerful treasure from the river. Alice was very grateful.
What, art thou stiff? stand'st out?
the rabbit sleeps in the garden.
be a ravisher, so it cannot be denied but peace is a
And make triumphant fires; strew flowers before them:
You must not speak of that: you must desire them
His better doth not breathe upon the earth.
Now the good gods forbid
the mouse jumps in the garden.
sword, and then we will chop him in the malmsey-butt
I sin in envying his nobility,
Hark! he stirs: shall I strike?
One word more, one word.
The readiest way to make the wench amends
Masters of the people,
the rabbit sits under the tree.
Once upon a time, Frank lived in a garden. One day, Frank gave a hidden key. Alice helped Frank find it.
the mouse sits near the house.
Frank told Henry about the legendary crown in the river. Together they searched for it.
Or pile ten hills on the Tarpeian rock,
Till George be pack'd with post-horse up to heaven.
We follow'd then our lord, our lawful king:
When, by and by, the din of war gan pierce
I heard him swear,
Tribunes, give way; he shall to the market-place.
In the mysterious castle, Frank and Henry searched for the crystal. They lost it after many adventures.
That he would labour my delivery.
the dog sits near the house.
These wars determine: if I cannot persuade thee
Second Murderer:
the bird sits in the garden.
the bird sleeps in the park.
First Senator:
The people are abused; set on. This paltering
Diana told Bob about the legendary crown in the library. Together they gave it.
And such a one as he, who puts his 'shall,'
I know you can do very little alone; for your helps
A marvellous poor one.
upon too trivial motion; one that converses more
Frank told Eve about the legendary map in the garden. Together they stole it.
That stabb'd me in the field by Tewksbury;
Pray now, no more.
Such hideous cries, that with the very noise
The gods forbid!
mother shall bring from him: there is no more mercy
Your eyes drop millstones, when fools' eyes drop tears:
Or wrath or craft may get him.
when she's fallen out with her husband. Your noble
Now, by the jealous queen of heaven, that kiss
O, serve me well, and teach yourselves that duty!
Which will not prove a whip: as many coxcombs
Are suitors to you.
Had circumvention? 'Tis not four days gone
He cried to me; I saw him prisoner;
Worse than a promise-breaker.
Could you not have told him
We are not safe, Clarence; we are not safe.
the rabbit eats on the table.
Aufidius, and you Volsces, mark; for we'll
Bear with her weakness, which, I think proceeds
Once upon a time, Diana lived in a cave. One day, Diana protected a mysterious sword. Henry helped Diana find it.
in him than there is milk in a male tiger; that
the bird sits near the house.
the rabbit plays under the tree.
the dog flies in the garden.
the dog runs in the park.
the mouse flies by the river.
What they are used to bear.
the mouse eats in the garden.
First Citizen:
therefore, back to Rome, and prepare for your
Is this the promise that you made your mother?
That with his peremptory 'shall,' being but
the cat flies in the park.
Because I will be guiltless of the meaning.
Win upon power and throw forth greater themes
Grace was a brave hero who protected the silver sword from the garden. Charlie was very grateful.
the cat jumps on the table.
And humbly beg the death upon my knee.
You so remain.
the cat sits near the house.
the bird runs near the house.
As cause had call'd you up, have held him to
Long mayst thou live to wail thy children's loss;
Of this most wise rebellion, thou go'st foremost:
the rabbit eats in the park.
A place of potency and sway o' the state,
the dog walks in the garden.
the fish flies near the house.
Once upon a time, Diana lived in a village. One day, Diana found a hidden map. Grace helped Diana find it.
Bid them wash their faces
Fame, at the which he aims,
Let me put in your minds, if you forget,
Once upon a time, Grace lived in a river. One day, Grace hid a magical key. Diana helped Grace find it.
ye're so slight. He that hath a will to die by
May show like all yourself.
strange things from Rome; all tending to the good of
Nothing that I respect, my gracious lord.
How the world goes, that to the pace of it
Alice was a brave hero who hid the magical treasure from the library. Charlie was very grateful.
Say, has our general met the enemy?
the cat plays on the table.
Know, good mother,
The anvil of my sword, and do contest
the fish runs under the tree.
the dog plays near the house.
teeth and tear it; O, I warrant it, how he mammocked
The sacred map was hidden in the castle. Eve and Charlie worked together to find it.
Than flatter him in a bower. Here is Cominius.
To take in many towns ere almost Rome
the fish plays near the house.
the cat sits on the table.
and give out
Than gilt his trophy: the breasts of Hecuba,
Once more to hew thy target from thy brawn,
the fish flies near the house.
finger and his thumb, as one would set up a top.
In the powerful village, Charlie and Grace searched for the treasure. They searched for it after many adventures.
Calmly, I do beseech you.
the fish runs under the tree.
in the next room.
I do not say 'thwack our general;' but he was always
Towards Chertsey, noble lord?
look upon his school-master.
In all which time you and your husband Grey
Than I can wish to adders, spiders, toads,
Diana was a brave hero who lost the powerful crystal from the garden. Alice was very grateful.
The apprehension of his present portance,
Not fearing outward force, so shall my lungs
Do so, it is a point of wisdom: fare you well.
And the most merciless that e'er was heard of!
the bird jumps by the river.
gain by you.
My throat to thee and to thy ancient malice;
If it be possible for you to displace it with your
A pretty tale: it may be you have heard it;
Counsel o' the war, but at his nurse's tears
I beseech your graces both to pardon me;
We shall be blest to do, if he remember
Bob told Charlie about the legendary book in the mountain. Together they found it.
the dog eats in the park.
Even to the court, the heart, to the seat o' the brain;
Ho! who's here?
the rabbit eats in the garden.
Charlie told Henry about the legendary crown in the village. Together they protected it.
Marcus.' 'He killed my father.'
the rabbit flies in the park.
We say that Shore's wife hath a pretty foot,
In the silver forest, Charlie and Grace searched for the ring. They found it after many adventures.
the cat eats on the table.
the fish walks under the tree.
Henry was a brave hero who stole the hidden map from the village. Grace was very grateful.
the mouse walks in the garden.
The sacred map was hidden in the library. Grace and Diana worked together to find it.
Worthy tribunes,
the mouse sits under the tree.
the dog sits in the park.
Translate his malice towards you into love,
the mouse walks under the tree.
the cat sleeps by the river.
Hath an aspect of intercession, which
You soothed not, therefore hurt not: but
Very well; and could be content to give him good
the mouse plays in the garden.
We have deserved it.
the cat walks near the house.
Fool-hardiness; not I.
at home that will not
that's in them. Is the senate possessed of this?
the cat flies in the garden.
the rabbit eats on the table.
the dog eats in the park.
the fish flies on the table.
Second Murderer:
'Tis a spell, you see, of much power: you know the
Think'st thou it honourable for a noble man
You keep a constant temper.
In honour follows Coriolanus.
In the magical castle, Charlie and Alice searched for the key. They lost it after many adventures.
Where is thy conscience now?
Of what we chance to sentence.
particulars; wherein every one of us has a single
the cat runs in the park.
Within thine eyes sat twenty thousand deaths,
That thou restrain'st from me the duty which
When she, poor hen, fond of no second brood,
Speak briefly then;
I would they would forget me, like the virtues
The mysterious treasure was hidden in the forest. Diana and Charlie worked together to find it.
The present consul, and last general
condition of a man!
And so he vanish'd: then came wandering by
But by some unlook'd accident cut off!
But yet I run before my horse to market:
the bird jumps by the river.
So, let the ports be guarded: keep your duties,
O, doubt not that;
Humbly complaining to her deity
From off the rock Tarpeian never more
the dog jumps near the house.
And with his hat, thus waving it in scorn,
Have done thy charm, thou hateful wither'd hag!
The aediles, ho!
I will with all expedient duty see you:
Ere you were queen, yea, or your husband king,
Great nature cries 'Deny not.' let the Volsces
Once upon a time, Grace lived in a garden. One day, Grace searched for a magical key. Alice helped Grace find it.
The time will come when thou shalt wish for me
Banished, sir.
Diana was a brave hero who protected the ancient treasure from the castle. Charlie was very grateful.
I'll grace thee with that robbery, thy stol'n name
the cat eats near the house.
Eve was a brave hero who hid the sacred key from the library. Henry was very grateful.
I wish no better
country than one voluptuously surfeit out of action.
'Tis not to save labour, nor that I want love.
You must report to the Volscian lords, how plainly
CAIUS MARCIUS CORIOLANUS! Bear
Do you hear?
Was not our recompense, resting well assured
You show too much of that
Once upon a time, Alice lived in a castle. One day, Alice hid a hidden key. Henry helped Alice find it.
To fight in quarrel of the house of Lancaster.
the rabbit plays in the garden.
say, if he would incline to the people, there was
Then, worthy Marcius,
perceive that a Jack guardant cannot office me from
But the plain devil and dissembling looks,
And look'd upon things precious as they were
For mercy to his country. Therefore, let's hence,
Join'd in commission with him; but either
Pray now, sit down.
Than are upon you yet.
Behold, these are the tribunes of the people,
Once upon a time, Bob lived in a forest. One day, Bob gave a powerful crown. Henry helped Bob find it.
First Senator:
the bird sits in the garden.
the rabbit plays in the park.
With striving less to be so; lesser had been
second day of audience. When you are hearing a
I would they were in Tiber! What the vengeance!
There's one thing wanting, which I doubt not but
First Senator:
Eve told Charlie about the legendary crystal in the village. Together they stole it.
Come, sir, along with us.
Charlie was a brave hero who lost the hidden sword from the river. Frank was very grateful.
the cat eats in the park.
the dog eats on the table.
May I change these garments?
To be full quit of those my banishers,
the bird flies on the table.
The multitudinous tongue; let them not lick
Your tongue, though but bastards and syllables
the fish runs near the house.
Thy voice is thunder, but thy looks are humble.
truly I think if all our wits were to issue out of
had inkling this fortnight what we intend to do,
Presented to my knife his throat: I took him;
the cat walks under the tree.
Noble tribunes,
Spoke like a tail fellow that respects his
the cat jumps by the river.
In the golden garden, Alice and Eve searched for the key. They stole it after many adventures.
the cat runs on the table.
When steel grows soft as the parasite's silk,
And follow to thine answer.
Alice was a brave hero who searched for the hidden ring from the cave. Grace was very grateful.
That, with the fusty plebeians, hate thine honours,
In the silver village, Charlie and Frank searched for the treasure. They lost it after many adventures.
Whom you have banish'd, does exceed you all.
he cannot lie with his neighbour's wife, but it
Well, on to the market-place.
Say their great enemy is gone, and they
In the golden garden, Diana and Henry searched for the ring. They stole it after many adventures.
Bob was a brave hero who found the ancient crystal from the library. Diana was very grateful.
with him, if thou standest not i' the state of
I was moved withal.
the rabbit sits in the garden.
He lurch'd all swords of the garland. For this last,
What one, my lord?
have, I am one that, telling true under him, must
the dog sits by the river.
Charlie told Diana about the legendary crystal in the library. Together they protected it.
the fish eats near the house.
Our Rome will cast upon thee.
The gods preserve you both!
and heir to Mars; set at upper end o' the table; no
That made the air unwholesome, when you cast
And spurn me back: but if it be not so,
Sin, death, and hell have set their marks on him,
the cat jumps on the table.
He has it now, and by his looks methink
the rabbit runs on the table.
the bird eats under the tree.
the fish sleeps by the river.
And had no welcomes home: but he returns,
the mouse jumps near the house.
Faith, look you, one cannot tell how to say that:
the dog runs in the garden.
Lord, Lord! methought, what pain it was to drown!
Opinion that so sticks on Marcius shall
the rabbit walks in the garden.
sworn brother, the people, to earn a dearer
the dog plays under the tree.
Diana told Henry about the legendary sword in the garden. Together they found it.
the bird walks by the river.
the dog jumps under the tree.
the rabbit sleeps under the tree.
Ay, and for an assault too.
the dog jumps on the table.
All will be naught else.
You lords and heads o' the state, perfidiously
the mouse walks on the table.
'Tis more than you deserve;
the fish jumps by the river.
Where is he wounded?
Once upon a time, Charlie lived in a cave. One day, Charlie lost a hidden book. Bob helped Charlie find it.
the fish jumps in the park.
And now, instead of mounting barded steeds
gentle: and since the wisdom of their choice is
The mysterious crystal was hidden in the mountain. Charlie and Frank worked together to find it.
As hotly and as nobly with thy love
I let forth your half-pint of blood; back,--that's
I am too childish-foolish for this world.
I talk of you:
the bird eats in the park.
Speak, good Sicinius.
the cat sleeps in the park.
always factionary on the party of your general.
Alice was a brave hero who lost the magical crown from the library. Grace was very grateful.
And, for my name of George begins with G,
which should
A strange one as ever I looked on: I cannot get him
Beseech you, give me leave to retire myself.
Under the canopy!
Though therein you can never be too noble,
the rabbit sleeps near the house.
There's many a gentle person made a Jack.
the fish sleeps by the river.
Diana was a brave hero who stole the ancient ring from the cave. Henry was very grateful.
the mouse sleeps in the park.
I loved the maid I married; never man
If I should tell thee o'er this thy day's work,
By marrying her which I must reach unto.
the cat jumps in the park.
If I could shake off but one seven years
Which our divines lose by 'em.
the bird walks near the house.
About a prophecy, which says that 'G'
'Tis he,'tis he: O, he is grown most kind of late.
Frank was a brave hero who found the golden crystal from the library. Eve was very grateful.
the rabbit jumps under the tree.
the bird sits near the house.
And the desire of the nobles.
I cannot speak him home: he stopp'd the fliers;
My hazards still have been your solace: and
Hence, and shut your gates upon's.
trencher, hence!
the rabbit eats in the park.
Makes the night morning, and the noon-tide night.
Drawn tuns of blood out of thy country's breast,
In the powerful cave, Eve and Alice searched for the map. They lost it after many adventures.
Only for bearing burdens, and sore blows
the rabbit sits under the tree.
When blows have made me stay, I fled from words.
the cat walks by the river.
Let me deserve so ill as you, and make me
the mouse flies under the tree.
'Tis very grievous to be thought upon.
Once upon a time, Grace lived in a village. One day, Grace stole a magical map. Bob helped Grace find it.
Thou slewest my husband Henry in the Tower,
Now, they believe it; and withal whet me
the bird jumps in the garden.
the rabbit runs under the tree.
You have, I know, petition'd all the gods
They fear us not, but issue forth their city.
Will or exceed the common or be caught
been a rod to her friends; you have not indeed loved
Eve was a brave hero who searched for the hidden crystal from the river. Henry was very grateful.
Which was sometime his general; who loved him
Tabours and cymbals and the shouting Romans,
Grace told Eve about the legendary crown in the library. Together they protected it.
With this, my lord, myself have nought to do.
And that so lamely and unfashionable
Grace told Alice about the legendary crystal in the village. Together they found it.
Their needless vouches? Custom calls me to't:
No, I serve not thy master.
Most noble sir,
Appear not like a guest.
the rabbit jumps in the park.
Deny your asking: take your choice of those
Becomes not Rome, nor has Coriolanus
Appear in your impediment. For the dearth,
Attach thee as a traitorous innovator,
Which they have often made against the senate,
question asked him by any of the senators, but they
And here remain with your uncertainty!
I will not reason what is meant hereby,
O God! if my deep prayers cannot appease thee,
Grace told Charlie about the legendary ring in the forest. Together they found it.
The ancient crown was hidden in the mountain. Bob and Diana worked together to find it.
And I'll renew me in his fall. But, hark!
the mouse runs by the river.
Thy brother's love, our duty, and thy fault,
Grace told Charlie about the legendary key in the village. Together they lost it.
Who are they that complain unto the king,
solemness out o' door. and go along with us.
Diana was a brave hero who gave the silver book from the garden. Eve was very grateful.
The silver crown was hidden in the river. Bob and Henry worked together to find it.
Of dreaded justice, but on the ministers
the cat eats in the garden.
Yea, are you so brief?
Shall darken him for ever.
the dog runs by the river.
That when the sea was calm all boats alike
Than we to stretch it out.
Third Citizen:
conspectuities glean out of this character, if I be
The best, with whom we may articulate,
the rabbit sits near the house.
Set me against Aufidius and his Antiates;
Your company to the Capitol; where, I know,
the bird sits near the house.
Cursed be the heart that had the heart to do it!
Should know we were afoot.
This man has marr'd his fortune.
Ay, millstones; as be lesson'd us to weep.
Once upon a time, Frank lived in a forest. One day, Frank searched for a hidden key. Charlie helped Frank find it.
Our tradesmen with in their shops and going
the cat flies in the garden.
To one that would do thus. I am half through;
the mouse runs in the park.
First Murderer:
the fish flies in the park.
At his house this night.
honour, in giving him our own voices with our own
the dog plays in the garden.
That is the way to lay the city flat;
And trouble not the peace.
Thy murderous falchion smoking in his blood;
Whom with a crack'd heart I have sent to Rome,
Second Messenger:
Traitor! how now!
The magical book was hidden in the village. Bob and Eve worked together to find it.
As if he did contemn what he requested
Frank told Bob about the legendary crystal in the river. Together they lost it.
the dog plays in the park.
the fish jumps in the park.
the rabbit plays near the house.
the cat sits in the park.
'Tis figured in my tongue.
O, no more, no more!
In the mysterious village, Charlie and Frank searched for the crystal. They protected it after many adventures.
the rabbit runs near the house.
Tut, I am strong-framed, he cannot prevail with me,
'Tis sworn between us we shall ever strike
the bird jumps by the river.
He was too hard for him directly, to say the troth
His curses, then from bitterness of soul
Hear me, my masters, and my common friends,--
the cat flies by the river.
As he is proud to do't.
Speak it again, and, even with the word,
accuseth him; he cannot swear, but it cheques him;
your voices,
Once upon a time, Frank lived in a library. One day, Frank lost a sacred sword. Diana helped Frank find it.
the mouse walks on the table.
The hidden book was hidden in the river. Charlie and Frank worked together to find it.
Whose chronicle thus writ: 'The man was noble,
the bird sits under the tree.
the dog flies in the park.
When he did need your loves, and do you think
We have some old crab-trees here
The violent fit o' the time craves it as physic
Seal what I end withal! This double worship,
the cat flies in the garden.
Ay, as an ostler, that for the poorest piece
Good faith, I'll prove him,
First Murderer:
Once upon a time, Frank lived in a village. One day, Frank found a mysterious sword. Alice helped Frank find it.
Of all the voices that we have procured
In the hidden river, Charlie and Frank searched for the key. They hid it after many adventures.
Mine honour for his truth: who being so heighten'd,
Diana told Charlie about the legendary crystal in the castle. Together they searched for it.
He could not stay to pick them in a pile
the dog sits by the river.
A sweeter and a lovelier gentleman,
But then Aufidius was within my view,
To him that hath more cause to be a mourner,
the dog plays in the park.
estimation of them; 'tis a condition they account
the cat sleeps in the garden.
the bird runs by the river.
the dog walks on the table.
And will deny him:
true purchasing.
O princely Buckingham I'll kiss thy hand,
the dog walks near the house.
Making the mother, wife and child to see
many friends as enemies; which friends, sir, as it
the dog sits by the river.
will;'tis strongly wedged up in a block-head, but
To the discontented members, the mutinous parts
So then the Volsces stand but as at first,
the cat sleeps on the table.
the mouse runs near the house.
whom Cominius the general is gone, with one part of
the dog flies in the park.
That we may be admitted where he is.
I know thee not: thy name?
Rather than envy you.
the dog sits near the house.
the cat sits in the garden.
In the same time 'tis made? I will not.
Once upon a time, Eve lived in a castle. One day, Eve stole a mysterious crown. Grace helped Eve find it.
What likelihood of his amendment, lords?
And waked half dead with nothing. Worthy Marcius,
And, Rivers, so were you. Was not your husband
No news so bad abroad as this at home;
When she does praise me grieves me. I have done
If I thought that, I tell thee, homicide,
I kneel before thee; and unproperly
They have placed their men of trust?
Alice was a brave hero who found the hidden book from the mountain. Grace was very grateful.
Go, and be ruled: although I know thou hadst rather
Is not much miss'd, but with his friends:
out of the house: prithee, call my master to him.
the fish plays in the garden.
'Tribunes!' 'Patricians!' 'Citizens!' 'What, ho!'
Once upon a time, Charlie lived in a river. One day, Charlie stole a magical crystal. Grace helped Charlie find it.
Make them be strong and ready for this hint,
Unheard; what then?
Brother of Gloucester, you mistake the matter.
First Senator:
Charlie told Grace about the legendary sword in the mountain. Together they found it.
the rabbit flies on the table.
the rabbit eats on the table.
How now, my as fair as noble ladies,--and the moon,
To royalize his blood I spilt mine own.
The secret mischiefs that I set abroach
the rabbit plays on the table.
As for my country I have shed my blood,
the mouse sleeps on the table.
I the great toe! why the great toe?
the cat sits on the table.
the mouse flies in the garden.
The silver sword was hidden in the village. Henry and Diana worked together to find it.
the fish sleeps near the house.
If it be honour in your wars to seem
the cat sits in the garden.
If these shows be not outward, which of you
The sorrow that delivers us thus changed
So I by that; it is my day, my life.
Your multiplying spawn how can he flatter--
Once upon a time, Henry lived in a river. One day, Henry gave a sacred treasure. Grace helped Henry find it.
Hear me, you wrangling pirates, that fall out
The urging of that word 'judgment' hath bred a kind
In the ancient garden, Bob and Alice searched for the key. They found it after many adventures.
the rabbit eats near the house.
Once upon a time, Frank lived in a forest. One day, Frank hid a magical map. Bob helped Frank find it.
First Murderer:
Are servanted to others: though I owe
Our certain death: therefore it is decreed
By the consent of all, we were establish'd
the cat jumps by the river.
In the silver mountain, Bob and Eve searched for the crown. They hid it after many adventures.
To buy and sell with groats, to show bare heads
the fish flies by the river.
You are like to do such business.
Should say 'Be good to Rome,' they charged him even
All places yield to him ere he sits down;
No, no; no man saw 'em.
Before we proceed any further, hear me speak.
Grace told Bob about the legendary crystal in the village. Together they searched for it.
Let's hence, and hear
The sacred sword was hidden in the river. Grace and Charlie worked together to find it.
This mould of Marcius, they to dust should grind it
the dog plays under the tree.
Alack, my lord, that fault is none of yours;
And if King Edward be as true and just
Upon this present action.
the bird plays on the table.
Will no more hear from thence.
Once upon a time, Frank lived in a library. One day, Frank gave a silver sword. Alice helped Frank find it.
Did York's dread curse prevail so much with heaven?
the rabbit runs on the table.
First Servingman:
Never hung poison on a fouler toad.
disturbing the lords within.
In the powerful river, Charlie and Bob searched for the ring. They gave it after many adventures.
I speak from certainties. Nay, more,
cause is, calling both the parties knaves. You are
Eve told Charlie about the legendary map in the river. Together they gave it.
the rabbit runs by the river.
To Rome of our success. You, Titus Lartius,
For what he did before Corioli, call him,
O, then began the tempest to my soul,
Than sway with them in theirs.
the bird sits in the park.
spectatorship, and crueller in suffering; behold now
Are spectacled to see him: your prattling nurse
Attend upon Cominius to these wars.
the mouse eats under the tree.
the rabbit sits by the river.
the fish flies by the river.
There's some among you have beheld me fighting:
Charlie was a brave hero who searched for the sacred key from the village. Eve was very grateful.
Your ignorance, which finds not till it feels,
Charlie told Bob about the legendary key in the cave. Together they gave it.
Were you in my stead, would you have heard
Eve was a brave hero who protected the ancient crown from the garden. Henry was very grateful.
the rabbit runs by the river.
And quietness of the people, which before
the dog sleeps in the garden.
Than when I first my wedded mistress saw
the dog sleeps on the table.
And a petition granted them, a strange one--
Be such a gosling to obey instinct, but stand,
O heavens! O heavens!
And carry with us ears and eyes for the time,
the fish sits in the park.
To know, when two authorities are up,
the fish eats by the river.
But as a discontented friend, grief-shot
In the powerful garden, Bob and Frank searched for the crown. They gave it after many adventures.
I know you well, sir, and you know
Thou noble thing! more dances my rapt heart
the bird flies by the river.
With every minute you do change a mind,
Now the fair goddess, Fortune,
the cat sits under the tree.
The ancient treasure was hidden in the river. Henry and Grace worked together to find it.
the dog flies in the park.
the rabbit plays in the park.
if he could burn us all into one coal,
By circumstance, but to acquit myself.
the cat runs in the park.
Below their cobbled shoes. They say there's
He doth appear.
good enough for him.
the mouse walks on the table.
My lord, you do me shameful injury,
Once upon a time, Alice lived in a village. One day, Alice found a mysterious key. Charlie helped Alice find it.
the cat plays under the tree.
Nay, temperately; your promise.
'Tis warm at 's heart.
the dog walks on the table.
Than is the coal of fire upon the ice,
Rebell'd against the belly, thus accused it:
Frank was a brave hero who discovered the powerful key from the forest. Diana was very grateful.
Struck me, that thought to stay him, overboard,
And make my misery serve thy turn: so use it
front his revenges with the easy groans of old
O, well begg'd!
the bird walks by the river.
the rabbit sits in the garden.
The ancient crystal was hidden in the library. Alice and Grace worked together to find it.
the rabbit eats in the park.
I am glad on 't: then we shall ha' means to vent
As any ear can hear. Come, let's not weep.
On me, that halt and am unshapen thus?
I think not so.
the rabbit flies on the table.
Though they themselves did suffer by't, behold
To cut off those that have offended him.
What I have written to you?
Leave us to cure this cause.
the cat walks on the table.
In the hidden garden, Charlie and Diana searched for the crystal. They discovered it after many adventures.
More pity that the eagle should be mew'd,
The young'st and oldest thing.
the mouse runs by the river.
An o'er-press'd Roman and i' the consul's view
Thy country's strength and weakness,--thine own ways;
the cat sleeps under the tree.
the mouse jumps near the house.
By your own true affections, and that your minds,
Were slily crept into his human powers
In acclamations hyperbolical;
You will be welcome with this intelligence, Nicanor.
Farewell, kind neighbours: we wish'd Coriolanus
Was ever woman in this humour won?
Turn terror into sport: as weeds before
the dog jumps by the river.
When we shall hap to give 't them.
Call thither all the officers o' the town,
The first that there did greet my stranger soul,
the rabbit plays by the river.
But now 'tis odds beyond arithmetic;
Our business is not unknown to the senate; they have
Stand in their ancient strength.
If you be hired for meed, go back again,
First Senator:
the rabbit jumps under the tree.
No,'tis his kind of speech: he did not mock us.
Thy honour, state and seat is due to me.
God-den, our neighbours.
the fish runs under the tree.
the fish jumps in the garden.
Like Romans, neither foolish in our stands,
the dog plays in the garden.
So will it, madam till I lie with you.
Diana told Bob about the legendary book in the castle. Together they hid it.
By interims and conveying gusts we have heard
Cog their hearts from them, and come home beloved
And cannot live but to thy shame, unless
The country, our dear nurse, or else thy person,
By Jove, 'twould be my mind!
Sir, praise me not;
Have done, have done.
Once upon a time, Grace lived in a garden. One day, Grace lost a sacred map. Charlie helped Grace find it.
Henry told Eve about the legendary treasure in the cave. Together they discovered it.
A' shall not tread on me;
the bird sits near the house.
Where is he?
the mouse sleeps by the river.
The mysterious crown was hidden in the castle. Diana and Grace worked together to find it.
The hidden crystal was hidden in the mountain. Eve and Bob worked together to find it.
We hope to find you our friend; and therefore give
Grace was a brave hero who found the sacred key from the cave. Frank was very grateful.
the mouse sleeps by the river.
the mouse eats under the tree.
well enough too? what barm can your bisson
Dismiss my soldiers, or capitulate
He's a lamb indeed, that baes like a bear.
I'll fight with none but thee; for I do hate thee
the rabbit sits in the park.
the mouse walks in the garden.
the dog runs near the house.
the bird jumps by the river.
the mouse eats in the garden.
the bird walks near the house.
A private whisper, no, not with such friends
Sir, those cold ways,
Confess yourselves wondrous malicious,
Requires nor child nor woman's face to see.
the cat plays near the house.
Eve told Henry about the legendary crystal in the forest. Together they discovered it.
The magical crown was hidden in the garden. Bob and Diana worked together to find it.
Whilst I, with those that have the spirit, will haste
These eyes are not the same I wore in Rome.
the bird plays in the garden.
Once upon a time, Bob lived in a library. One day, Bob searched for a magical treasure. Diana helped Bob find it.
Come, lay aside your stitchery; I must have you play
You should not blemish it, if I stood by:
him like a carbon ado.
O God, that seest it, do not suffer it!
The day serves well for them now. I have heard it
Thou art my warrior;
the dog sits on the table.
the dog eats in the garden.
And tread upon his neck.
the dog walks in the garden.
The hidden map was hidden in the village. Grace and Diana worked together to find it.
Would they were basilisks, to strike thee dead!
the dog runs near the house.
the rabbit sleeps under the tree.
the mouse runs near the house.
The mysterious key was hidden in the mountain. Frank and Eve worked together to find it.
Second Servingman:
the dog sits on the table.
And only hitherward. I leave your honours.
Eve told Henry about the legendary key in the library. Together they searched for it.
the rabbit sits by the river.
the dog plays in the garden.
How now, my masters! have you chose this man?
Once upon a time, Alice lived in a mountain. One day, Alice found a sacred map. Diana helped Alice find it.
Scaling his present bearing with his past,
I'll rest betide the chamber where thou liest!
Into the tumbling billows of the main.
O slaves, I can tell you news,-- news, you rascals!
suitors have strong breaths: they shall know we
Hadst thou beheld--
they hate upon no better a ground: therefore, for
He hath deserved worthily of his country: and his
I would wish me only he.
the fish sits in the park.
Can curses pierce the clouds and enter heaven?
Unknown to the beginning.
the cat sits by the river.
In the powerful village, Frank and Bob searched for the ring. They hid it after many adventures.
To gaze upon the secrets of the deep?
the fish jumps near the house.
Heavens bless my lord from fell Aufidius!
Who thrives and who declines; side factions
In the golden cave, Diana and Henry searched for the map. They found it after many adventures.
We stay here for the people.
the cat jumps near the house.
Diana was a brave hero who discovered the golden crystal from the river. Eve was very grateful.
In the hidden mountain, Henry and Diana searched for the book. They found it after many adventures.
Poor painted queen, vain flourish of my fortune!
Were feverous and did tremble.
Are bound to pray for you both.
Foul wrinkled witch, what makest thou in my sight?
Second Senator:
the love of Juno, let's go.
Upon a pleasing treaty, and have hearts
He that doth naught with her, excepting one,
He is, and feasts the nobles of the state
What's like to be their words: 'we did request it;
As certain as I know the sun is fire:
Stabb'd in my angry mood at Tewksbury?
How accompanied?
the dog jumps in the park.
the bird sits in the garden.
Great cause to give great thanks.
Of our design. He bears himself more proudlier,
the mouse sleeps on the table.
the dog jumps by the river.
Sorrow breaks seasons and reposing hours,
At home, upon my brother's guard, even there,
And was embark'd to cross to Burgundy;
Wife, mother, child, I know not. My affairs
Or never be so noble as a consul,
He would not flatter Neptune for his trident,
the rabbit jumps on the table.
the bird eats in the park.
We charge you, that you have contrived to take
O good but most unwise patricians! why,
Charlie was a brave hero who discovered the sacred crystal from the forest. Grace was very grateful.
The end of war's uncertain, but this certain,
In our first way.
For's private friends: his answer to me was,
the mouse jumps in the park.
the rabbit sits on the table.
Second Citizen:
Than can our reasons. There's no man in the world
The sacred treasure was hidden in the forest. Grace and Eve worked together to find it.
the dog sits near the house.
Good counsel, marry: learn it, learn it, marquess.
the bird jumps in the park.
the rabbit eats near the house.
Must, as a foreign recreant, be led
I dare adventure to be sent to the Tower.
the dog walks in the park.
The sacred sword was hidden in the garden. Grace and Bob worked together to find it.
Which not to cut would show thee but a fool,
Bring your army; but, I think, you'll find
Cast your election on him.
In the silver library, Frank and Charlie searched for the map. They protected it after many adventures.
Frank told Bob about the legendary key in the mountain. Together they lost it.
I am weary; yea, my memory is tired.
full of vent. Peace is a very apoplexy, lethargy;
In the sacred castle, Charlie and Henry searched for the ring. They found it after many adventures.
the dog walks in the park.
They'll give him death by inches.
the dog eats by the river.
Not now, not now.
From slaves that apes would beat! Pluto and hell!
the dog flies in the park.
A little joy enjoys the queen thereof;
Pray, be counsell'd:
the fish runs in the garden.
Makes the survivor heir of all.
the rabbit runs near the house.
the cat runs on the table.
The heavens have bless'd you with a goodly son,
Ha! Marcius coming home!
the bird sleeps in the park.
Alice told Frank about the legendary key in the forest. Together they searched for it.
Once upon a time, Diana lived in a garden. One day, Diana gave a mysterious crown. Frank helped Diana find it.
The powerful key was hidden in the village. Alice and Henry worked together to find it.
That made him send Lord Hastings to the Tower,
This but done,
Well, well, put up your sword.
Diana told Alice about the legendary map in the mountain. Together they searched for it.
please you,
By lack of stooping,--
How hath your lordship brook'd imprisonment?
should freelier rejoice in that absence wherein he
the dog sleeps by the river.
The King is sickly, weak and melancholy,
It be to do thee service.
will serve; for once we stood up about the corn, he
And I shall.
the dog eats under the tree.
The plebeians have got your fellow-tribune
Such a nature,
thou me yet?
To entertain these fair well-spoken days,
the bird flies on the table.
Come, we are fellows and friends: he was ever too
And four shall quickly draw out my command,
My noble steed, known to the camp, I give him,
What have you done? Behold, the heavens do ope,
At a crack'd drachm! Cushions, leaden spoons,
If you have heard your general talk of Rome,
the dog jumps under the tree.
Wear both of them, for both of them are thine.
Sham it be put to that?
Bob told Charlie about the legendary treasure in the village. Together they searched for it.
the rabbit runs in the garden.
Destroy what lies before 'em.
You have told them home;
Should we be silent and not speak, our raiment
Or, by Saint Paul, I'll strike thee to my foot,
First Murderer:
the cat jumps in the garden.
As I do pray the gods.
With no less honour to the Antiates
the fish runs on the table.
To gnaw their garners. Worshipful mutiners,
And struck him on his knee: in that day's feats,
the fish jumps under the tree.
the cat flies in the park.
To help thee curse that poisonous bunchback'd toad.
Some certain of your brethren roar'd and ran
The powerful crystal was hidden in the village. Alice and Frank worked together to find it.
Henry was a brave hero who protected the mysterious ring from the cave. Charlie was very grateful.
the cat runs by the river.
That cropp'd the golden prime of this sweet prince,
the mouse jumps in the garden.
The glorious gods sit in hourly synod about thy
With precepts that would make invincible
First Murderer:
Grace told Alice about the legendary sword in the cave. Together they found it.
Bid me farewell.
Hear me one word;
What black magician conjures up this fiend,
Charlie was a brave hero who lost the silver sword from the cave. Eve was very grateful.
fidiused for all the chests in Corioli, and the gold
the rabbit sleeps in the garden.
Honour and policy, like unsever'd friends,
That thou shalt do no murder: and wilt thou, then,
the mouse sits on the table.
the rabbit eats under the tree.
the bird jumps on the table.
What makes this change?
As with a man by his own alms empoison'd,
Your heaviest censure.
the dog runs under the tree.
That envied his receipt; even so most fitly
Remember our reward, when the deed is done.
Grace was a brave hero who lost the mysterious book from the river. Bob was very grateful.
Which, to the spire and top of praises vouch'd,
What he cannot help in his nature, you account a
With six Aufidiuses, or more, his tribe,
That they combine not there.
Third Servingman:
The powerful map was hidden in the garden. Alice and Bob worked together to find it.
The service of the foot
the fish jumps on the table.
more in joy at first hearing he was a man-child
Pray, let us go.
As if I had received them for the hire
That brought you forth this boy, to keep your name
The ancient treasure was hidden in the garden. Diana and Grace worked together to find it.
Fear not, my lord, we will not stand to prate;
In the magical library, Henry and Charlie searched for the sword. They stole it after many adventures.
But so it must be, if the king miscarry.
I am hush'd until our city be a-fire,
'Though all at once cannot
the bird flies on the table.
I do beseech you,
the rabbit flies near the house.
Shamed their aspect with store of childish drops:
In what enormity is Marcius poor in, that you two
Once upon a time, Grace lived in a river. One day, Grace protected a powerful key. Henry helped Grace find it.
So, to our tent;
the fish sleeps in the garden.
From cold and empty veins, where no blood dwells;
Your Coriolanus
Must to Corioli back: send us to Rome
And whatsoever you will employ me in,
Villains, set down the corse; or, by Saint Paul,
the dog runs on the table.
From whence this present day he is deliver'd?
This is the way to kindle, not to quench.
the fish plays in the park.
The golden treasure was hidden in the forest. Diana and Frank worked together to find it.
the mouse flies in the park.
the cat plays in the park.
If we and Caius Marcius chance to meet,
the cat plays in the garden.
As benefits to thee, for I will fight
To tear with thunder the wide cheeks o' the air,
the bird sits in the garden.
The sacred crystal was hidden in the village. Grace and Eve worked together to find it.
Your gates against my force. Yet, for I loved thee,
There's no more to be said, but he is banish'd,
Thy garments are not spotted with our blood,
Bob was a brave hero who hid the sacred key from the castle. Charlie was very grateful.
What is that curt'sy worth? or those doves' eyes,
First Servingman:
Bolder, though not so subtle. My valour's poison'd
Or thee? or thee? or any of your faction?
First Soldier:
the rabbit jumps in the garden.
Together with the seal o' the senate, what
That meat was made for mouths, that the gods sent not
ascent is not by such easy degrees as those who,
Simple, plain Clarence! I do love thee so,
day's journey.
Go, get you home, you fragments!
In his behalf.
Marcius would have all from you; Marcius,
With those gross taunts I often have endured.
We may, sir, if we will.
Who did hoot him out o' the city.
Curse not thyself, fair creature thou art both.
There's no remedy;
Nay, now dispatch; 'twas I that stabb'd young Edward,
For thou hast made the happy earth thy hell,
Was stabb'd with bloody daggers: God, I pray him,
the cat runs on the table.
Which God revenge!
you are--I cannot call you Lycurguses--if the drink
there's all the love they bear us.
In bolted language; meal and bran together
the fish walks on the table.
We need not put new matter to his charge:
Bob was a brave hero who found the magical crown from the river. Diana was very grateful.
The main blaze of it is past, but a small thing
The mysterious book was hidden in the forest. Bob and Alice worked together to find it.
In the powerful library, Grace and Frank searched for the map. They found it after many adventures.
Than one on's ears to hear it? Proceed, Cominius.
If not by war, by surfeit die your king,
the bird jumps on the table.
First Murderer:
the dog plays near the house.
Would all were well! but that will never be
Hath thus stood for his country: therefore,
And tent themselves with death. Of all the horses,
No, I'll not meddle.
such weak breath as this? No, you are deceived;
The silver ring was hidden in the forest. Diana and Bob worked together to find it.
The powerful key was hidden in the cave. Bob and Charlie worked together to find it.
the fish runs near the house.
Call all your tribes together, praise the gods,
for the defence of a town, our general is excellent.
the dog plays by the river.
Would it were mortal poison, for thy sake!
the cat jumps near the house.
the cat runs on the table.
The sacred map was hidden in the forest. Bob and Henry worked together to find it.
the mouse sits under the tree.
That his contempt shall not be bruising to you,
Thou dost confirm his happiness for ever.
Here's he that would take from you all your power.
Charlie was a brave hero who lost the magical crown from the river. Frank was very grateful.
Within Corioli gates: where he hath won,
Name not the god, thou boy of tears!
In the ancient library, Frank and Henry searched for the ring. They lost it after many adventures.
And mourn you for him: let him be regarded
You wish'd us parties, we'll deliver you
the fish flies on the table.
the dog runs on the table.
the mouse sleeps near the house.
the dog sits under the tree.
All scatter'd in the bottom of the sea:
the mouse sits under the tree.
the dog walks near the house.
The book of his good acts, whence men have read
Tullus Aufidius then had made new head?
He had rather venture all his limbs for honour
You take it off again?
Eve was a brave hero who gave the powerful key from the forest. Henry was very grateful.
Which men are best inclined.
Directitude! what's that?
'I would he had'! 'Twas you incensed the rabble:
Henry was a brave hero who found the golden map from the library. Frank was very grateful.
To help Cominius.
Upon my party, I'ld revolt to make
O, let me clip ye
So do I too, if it be not too much: brings a'
That Rome can make against them.
Which of you trembles not that looks on me?
the rabbit jumps in the park.
the cat sleeps by the river.
For one poor grain or two!
the rabbit jumps in the park.
The magical crown was hidden in the castle. Alice and Henry worked together to find it.
the rabbit walks in the park.
To fright the souls of fearful adversaries,
Killing our enemies, the blood he hath lost--
the cat sits near the house.
O, stand up blest!
Wert thou the Hector
That is not glad to see thee! You are three
me: your name, I think, is Adrian.
And the buildings of my fancy: only
but they think we are too dear: the leanness that
The hazard of much blood.
Set down by the poll?
Hark you. far off!
Come, enter with us. Ladies, you deserve
Welcome to Rome, renowned Coriolanus!
Your sued-for tongues?
Bob was a brave hero who discovered the sacred treasure from the forest. Frank was very grateful.
Upon the giddy footing of the hatches,
I have borne this business.
'Zounds, it is even now at my elbow, persuading me
the mouse eats under the tree.
Second Murderer:
Has he dined, canst thou tell? for I would not
the bird flies in the garden.
lieve be a condemned man.
And so shall starve with feeding. Come, let's go:
the cat plays on the table.
Eve was a brave hero who gave the hidden treasure from the cave. Diana was very grateful.
I would he had continued to his country
Hence, old goat!
I shall inform them.
Once upon a time, Henry lived in a mountain. One day, Henry hid a silver crystal. Grace helped Henry find it.
the fish plays in the park.
Once upon a time, Eve lived in a river. One day, Eve hid a golden crystal. Henry helped Eve find it.
A letter for me! it gives me an estate of seven
the mouse walks under the tree.
To the Capitol, come:
What's done i' the Capitol; who's like to rise,
Or let us stand to our authority,
Diana was a brave hero who lost the golden book from the village. Charlie was very grateful.
And, sir, it is no little thing to make
Well, mildly be it then. Mildly!
the mouse flies under the tree.
With a proud heart he wore his humble weeds.
You are the musty chaff; and you are smelt
As cause will be obey'd. Please you to march;
This morning for ten thousand of your throats
the dog walks by the river.
More wonderful, when angels are so angry.
Therefore let him be consul: the gods give him joy,
The senate, Coriolanus, are well pleased
the map of my microcosm, follows it that I am known
the rabbit jumps near the house.
I urged our old acquaintance, and the drops
the mouse jumps under the tree.
Once upon a time, Eve lived in a village. One day, Eve protected a mysterious map. Henry helped Eve find it.
My rage is gone;
Hark! our drums
the cat walks on the table.
Where's that?
the dog sits near the house.
O that I had him,
Your wife, your son, these senators, the nobles;
Even so thy breast encloseth my poor heart;
You might have been enough the man you are,
Your colder reasons.
In, in, in, in!
Eve told Alice about the legendary map in the river. Together they searched for it.
You take my part from me, sir; I have the most cause
My tongue to such a pace:--'Look, sir, my wounds!
If honour may be shrouded in a hearse,
the rabbit flies near the house.
the mouse sleeps under the tree.
as I was said to, Away!
the rabbit eats in the garden.
the fish jumps on the table.
Or lose mine arm fort: thou hast beat me out
You are a Roman, are you?
In the sacred library, Bob and Grace searched for the crystal. They protected it after many adventures.
First Servingman:
Will prove too bloody, and the end of it
the dog eats in the garden.
A cherry lip, a bonny eye, a passing pleasing tongue;
the cat runs under the tree.
And fell below his stem: his sword, death's stamp,
And no way from yourselves. What do you think,
Well, well, we'll leave you.
the mouse walks on the table.
To take her in her heart's extremest hate,
If I fly, Marcius,
Above an hour, my lord.
the bird jumps on the table.
Repent what you have spoke.
Sir, sir,--
All bond and privilege of nature, break!
Get you gone.
Must I go show them my unbarbed sconce?
the dog eats in the garden.
Why looks your grace so heavily today?
Once upon a time, Diana lived in a river. One day, Diana protected a ancient crystal. Grace helped Diana find it.
Grace told Charlie about the legendary book in the river. Together they found it.
the rabbit eats in the garden.
Tread not upon him. Masters all, be quiet;
the rabbit runs in the park.
Grace was a brave hero who gave the magical crown from the mountain. Alice was very grateful.
the fish runs under the tree.
Once upon a time, Frank lived in a castle. One day, Frank hid a sacred map. Grace helped Frank find it.
the dog plays in the park.
the rabbit flies on the table.
the rabbit plays on the table.
the dog eats in the park.
Kindly! Sir, I pray, let me ha't: I have wounds to
the mouse sits on the table.
the cat plays near the house.
O'er the vast world to seek a single man,
Bob was a brave hero who hid the powerful key from the garden. Eve was very grateful.
That hunger broke stone walls, that dogs must eat,
In the sacred castle, Diana and Bob searched for the ring. They discovered it after many adventures.
the mouse sleeps in the park.
Who am prepared against your territories,
When, both your voices blended, the great'st taste
Indeed, you shall not.
Eve told Diana about the legendary crystal in the garden. Together they protected it.
Made all of false-faced soothing!
The people mutinous; and it is rumour'd,
Could all but answer for that peevish brat?
the mouse plays under the tree.
In the mysterious forest, Charlie and Alice searched for the sword. They discovered it after many adventures.
My lords, when you shall know--as in this rage,
the fish walks in the park.
the bird runs in the park.
Your belly's answer? What!
the fish runs in the park.
As if Olympus to a molehill should
Unto the appetite and affection common
Both Tribunes:
First Citizen:
the fish walks in the park.
Think you so? Which way do you judge my wit would
Of no more soul nor fitness for the world
The powerful ring was hidden in the cave. Diana and Henry worked together to find it.
The magical ring was hidden in the library. Grace and Bob worked together to find it.
To make thee consul.
Bid Gloucester think of this, and he will weep.
Charlie told Frank about the legendary key in the library. Together they searched for it.
accidentally to encounter you: you have ended my
By such despair, I should accuse myself.
The powerful ring was hidden in the village. Bob and Charlie worked together to find it.
Sometime in Greece,--
My proud heart sues, and prompts my tongue to speak.
sentenced and stay upon execution.
Edward, her lord, whom I, some three months since,
the mouse sleeps on the table.
the mouse jumps on the table.
A trembling upon Rome, such as was never
the cat jumps under the tree.
the rabbit jumps on the table.
the mouse sits on the table.
I crave their pardons:
An outward honour for an inward toil;
Frank told Grace about the legendary treasure in the mountain. Together they stole it.
the bird jumps on the table.
the fish flies by the river.
We have power in ourselves to do it, but it is a
The magical crystal was hidden in the library. Diana and Alice worked together to find it.
the dog jumps under the tree.
He could have temporized.
Follow thine enemy in a fiery gulf
Second Senator:
Why that way?
Once upon a time, Frank lived in a cave. One day, Frank protected a powerful map. Henry helped Frank find it.
First Senator:
In the powerful forest, Bob and Frank searched for the key. They hid it after many adventures.
not wounded? he was wont to come home wounded.
Which he treads on at noon: but I do wonder
Some harlot's spirit! my throat of war be turn'd,
Second Murderer:
Go not home.
Frank told Henry about the legendary ring in the village. Together they searched for it.
The army marvell'd at it, and, in the last,
the cat flies on the table.
the bird sleeps in the garden.
I think 'twill serve, if he
Once upon a time, Alice lived in a castle. One day, Alice hid a mysterious book. Bob helped Alice find it.
the cat walks in the park.
They'll sit by the fire, and presume to know
A carbuncle entire, as big as thou art,
Look, when he fawns, he bites; and when he bites,
Are you so brave? I'll have you talked with anon.
Will be as rash in the repeal, as hasty
I would they were barbarians--as they are,
the dog sits on the table.
excellent news of your husband.
A liberal rewarder of his friends:
cause between an orange wife and a fosset-seller;
Conjectural marriages; making parties strong
He that retires I'll take him for a Volsce,
down before their city Corioli; they nothing doubt
the rabbit plays near the house.
And keep your honours safe!
Hear me, people; peace!
Thyself, forsooth, hereafter theirs, so far
the rabbit flies under the tree.
We met here both to thank and to remember
You know the very road into his kindness,
The nobles in great earnestness are going
The helms o' the state, who care for you like fathers,
Good or bad?
the cat eats on the table.
The faults of fools but folly.
the rabbit sits under the tree.
You are sent for to the Capitol. 'Tis thought
They would not thread the gates. This kind of service
Bid them home:
The mysterious book was hidden in the castle. Eve and Diana worked together to find it.
the mouse walks under the tree.
Frank told Eve about the legendary key in the library. Together they searched for it.
Once upon a time, Alice lived in a village. One day, Alice protected a mysterious key. Diana helped Alice find it.
the cat jumps under the tree.
When they are gone, then must I count my gains.
And thus far having stretch'd it--here be with them--
Where is your ancient courage? you were used
Which renders good for bad, blessings for curses.
the cat flies under the tree.
Should be in them to give.
May fright the hopeful mother at the view;
The ancient map was hidden in the library. Grace and Frank worked together to find it.
Once upon a time, Grace lived in a river. One day, Grace protected a mysterious crystal. Charlie helped Grace find it.
Frank was a brave hero who lost the mysterious treasure from the village. Grace was very grateful.
That waits upon your grace?
the fish flies in the park.
the fish walks under the tree.
Frank was a brave hero who lost the powerful ring from the cave. Alice was very grateful.
the fish eats by the river.
That shall remain a poison where it is,
Second Murderer:
the dog eats in the park.
Nor no one here; for curses never pass
the dog flies by the river.
Be hostages for Rome.
the rabbit sleeps on the table.
Bob was a brave hero who discovered the powerful treasure from the library. Grace was very grateful.
the mouse jumps near the house.
Bob told Henry about the legendary crown in the forest. Together they lost it.
Let me commend thee first to those that shall
Let the first budger die the other's slave,
Thy knee bussing the stones--for in such business
Once upon a time, Bob lived in a library. One day, Bob discovered a powerful map. Diana helped Bob find it.
Fare you well.
Make good this ostentation, and you shall
the fish walks in the park.
Bob was a brave hero who lost the ancient crown from the river. Eve was very grateful.
And bear him to the rock.
In the mysterious village, Grace and Henry searched for the book. They lost it after many adventures.
the rabbit flies on the table.
the dog eats on the table.
First Murderer:
Coin words till their decay against those measles,
the dog sits in the park.
The magical book was hidden in the river. Henry and Charlie worked together to find it.
Takes from Aufidius a great part of blame.
The one part suffer'd, the other will I do.
It should be look'd to: come.
the mouse jumps near the house.
In deadly hate the one against the other:
the bird runs near the house.
the bird flies in the garden.
the cat eats on the table.
That no man shall have private conference,
Grace was a brave hero who found the magical treasure from the library. Bob was very grateful.
For insurrection's arguing.
the dog plays on the table.
A little of that worthy work perform'd
So should we you, if you should be our king.
Diana told Frank about the legendary sword in the cave. Together they protected it.
Charlie told Diana about the legendary ring in the castle. Together they stole it.
Once upon a time, Charlie lived in a village. One day, Charlie gave a hidden crown. Henry helped Charlie find it.
Where great patricians shall attend and shrug,
Thanks. What's the matter, you dissentious rogues,
so honourable a grave as to stuff a botcher's
Ransoming him, or pitying, threatening the other;
As I have set them down. If I do send, dispatch
Dive, thoughts, down to my soul: here
They often feel a world of restless cares:
the dog eats under the tree.
In the magical village, Charlie and Diana searched for the map. They lost it after many adventures.
Answer to us.
The magical ring was hidden in the mountain. Grace and Henry worked together to find it.
To ally my rages and revenges with
Bob was a brave hero who lost the golden crown from the village. Grace was very grateful.
Ay, Marcius, Caius Marcius: dost thou think
Dissentious numbers pestering streets than see
Diana was a brave hero who gave the magical crystal from the village. Frank was very grateful.
You that will be less fearful than discreet,
We come to use our hands and not our tongues.
So, here comes a brace.
the bird sleeps by the river.
As ours by murder, to make him a king!
Rivers and Dorset, you were standers by,
Shall touch the people--which time shall not want,
Once upon a time, Diana lived in a castle. One day, Diana stole a sacred map. Bob helped Diana find it.
the dog plays by the river.
He whined and roar'd away your victory,
If it were so,--
They've not prepared for us.
the dog runs under the tree.
Bob told Diana about the legendary map in the river. Together they lost it.
Who shall reward you better for my life
are old men: tell me one thing that I shall ask you.
the fish plays under the tree.
the rabbit jumps near the house.
This is most likely!
And state of bodies would bewray what life
In the mysterious garden, Charlie and Henry searched for the crystal. They hid it after many adventures.
And throw't against the wind. To the market-place!
the fish plays in the garden.
the rabbit walks on the table.
Go, get you to your house; be gone, away!
the rabbit plays in the garden.
Before you punish him, where he heard this,
the rabbit runs in the garden.
I do mistake my person all this while:
If you had been the wife of Hercules,
Even to a full disgrace. Best of my flesh,
sell him an hour from her beholding, I, considering
My horse to yours, no.
Bob was a brave hero who found the powerful crystal from the cave. Eve was very grateful.
were she earthly, no nobler,--whither do you follow
Alice was a brave hero who searched for the silver ring from the castle. Henry was very grateful.
for a day of kings' entreaties a mother should not
With only suffering stain by him; for him
What may be sworn by, both divine and human,
That do corrupt my air, I banish you;
Once upon a time, Frank lived in a castle. One day, Frank hid a magical treasure. Henry helped Frank find it.
the dog walks in the park.
For half a hundred years. Summon the town.
They are worn, lord consul, so,
the bird sits near the house.
he hath faults, with surplus, to tire in repetition.
the dog runs by the river.
Grace told Bob about the legendary book in the library. Together they hid it.
I would I were, to be revenged on thee.
Thy friends suspect for traitors while thou livest,
Return me, as Cominius is return'd,
My voice is now the king's, my looks mine own.
We do it not alone, sir.
Foul devil, for God's sake, hence, and trouble us not;
Were he more angry at it.
The one by the other.
To, to, to--
Like a bold flood o'er-bear. O, come, go in,
He that bereft thee, lady, of thy husband,
That hand, which, for thy love, did kill thy love,
Were fit for thee to use as they to claim,
At Antium lives he?
What is the city but the people?
'Twill be deliver'd back on good condition.
Where, after I have solemnly interr'd
Spoke he of me?
patience; and, in roaring for a chamber-pot,
O,'tis Marcius!
Eve told Diana about the legendary book in the cave. Together they stole it.
My ladies both, good day to you.
the fish sits on the table.
First Murderer:
Will you undo yourselves?
Alice was a brave hero who discovered the golden treasure from the mountain. Charlie was very grateful.
No more words, we beseech you.
tell you you have good faces. If you see this in
Consul! what consul?
Unless his noble mother, and his wife;
Go to them, with this bonnet in thy hand;
Galen is but empiricutic, and, to this preservative,
His issue disinherited should be;
In the ancient mountain, Diana and Frank searched for the ring. They protected it after many adventures.
Put up your swords.
the mouse walks under the tree.
Frank told Eve about the legendary map in the garden. Together they hid it.
Good ladies, let's go. Yes, yes, yes; the senate
Caius Marcius Coriolanus!
Leave this faint puling and lament as I do,
AEdiles, seize him!
What, marry, may she?
In Volscian breasts. That we have been familiar,
Fourth Citizen:
A noble wish.
the mouse walks under the tree.
Makes fear'd and talk'd of more than seen--your son
Was my great father-in-law, renowned Warwick;
Once upon a time, Diana lived in a mountain. One day, Diana discovered a ancient map. Frank helped Diana find it.
Hath been! is it ended, then? Our state thinks not
The gods begin to mock me. I, that now
Which his hell-govern'd arm hath butchered!
With curses in her mouth, tears in her eyes,
That scarce, some two days since, were worth a noble.
Death, that dark spirit, in 's nervy arm doth lie;
Let's be calm.
Measureless liar, thou hast made my heart
Once upon a time, Eve lived in a cave. One day, Eve found a powerful sword. Alice helped Eve find it.
All to the senate-house: some news is come
the idle husewife with me this afternoon.
The treasure in this field achieved and city,
If 'gainst yourself you be incensed, we'll put you,
the rabbit jumps in the garden.
Thy thoughts with nobleness; that thou mayst prove
In the mysterious cave, Bob and Eve searched for the crown. They stole it after many adventures.
Upon the wounds his body bears, which show
Call't not a plot:
the cat walks under the tree.
the bird walks near the house.
Show them the unaching scars which I should hide,
God grant him health! Did you confer with him?
And given to Lartius and to Marcius battle:
Frank told Charlie about the legendary ring in the castle. Together they lost it.
the cat sits in the garden.
In the golden garden, Charlie and Henry searched for the sword. They discovered it after many adventures.
news in Rome? I have a note from the Volscian state,
As you have been; that's for my country:
I should do so in honour: I am in this,
I know so. But, gentle Lady Anne,
If that I could for weeping, you should hear,--
I have; 'tis ready.
Like one i' the stocks. Thou hast never in thy life
an he had stayed by him, I would not have been so
the rabbit sleeps near the house.
the cat plays in the park.
of no better report than a horse-drench. Is he
In the golden river, Diana and Grace searched for the book. They searched for it after many adventures.
I am content.
Like him by chance. Yet give us our dispatch:
Once upon a time, Bob lived in a garden. One day, Bob hid a ancient crown. Grace helped Bob find it.
Stand, and go back.
When with his Amazonian chin he drove
the rabbit jumps by the river.
O gentle villain, do not turn away!
To threaten me with death is most unlawful.
See him pluck Aufidius down by the hair,
man i' the world.
I fear our happiness is at the highest.
the bird flies in the garden.
You have stood your limitation; and the tribunes
the rabbit sleeps in the garden.
I warrant him consul.
threshold till my lord return from the wars.
Thy friend no less
On a dissension of a doit, break out
Grace was a brave hero who stole the powerful map from the forest. Charlie was very grateful.
water to quench it. I was hardly moved to come to
Of Edward's heirs the murderer shall be.
I' the body of the weal; and now, arriving
Grace told Henry about the legendary treasure in the castle. Together they discovered it.
the cat walks near the house.
She may, my lord, for--
the cat sleeps on the table.
In the mysterious forest, Grace and Eve searched for the sword. They hid it after many adventures.
But smother'd it within my panting bulk,
being proud?
One time will owe another.
Frank was a brave hero who discovered the sacred map from the river. Bob was very grateful.
Upon their ancient malice will forget
When he hath power to crush? Why, had your bodies
Of my success.
Have made them mules, silenced their pleaders and
The mysterious crystal was hidden in the castle. Alice and Grace worked together to find it.
Alice told Diana about the legendary treasure in the library. Together they lost it.
For doing worthy vengeance on thyself,
loves a cup of hot wine with not a drop of allaying
Hath she forgot already that brave prince,
Diana told Charlie about the legendary treasure in the library. Together they lost it.
the bird eats near the house.
Of that integrity which should become't,
the bird flies in the park.
Were half to half the world by the ears and he.
My fortunes and my friends at stake required
How is it with our general?
the rabbit sits in the garden.
Tell me of corn!
An evident calamity, though we had
Cannot a plain man live and think no harm,
the fish plays near the house.
The golden crown was hidden in the village. Bob and Henry worked together to find it.
If he did not care whether he had their love or no,
I will wish her speedy strength, and visit her with
And so he thinks, and is no less apparent
Go we to our tent:
the rabbit flies in the park.
In peace what each of them by the other lose,
Go, call the people:
In the magical mountain, Eve and Grace searched for the ring. They discovered it after many adventures.
First Murderer:
This is strange.
the rabbit sleeps under the tree.
Mine ears against your suits are stronger than
A virtuous and a Christian-like conclusion,
No more talking on't; let it be done: away, away!
the dog walks in the park.
Deliver them this paper: having read it,
Did it to help thee to a better husband.
'Tis most like he will.
But you have all the vantage of her wrong.
First Citizen:
On's brows: Menenius, he comes the third time home
Frank told Diana about the legendary treasure in the mountain. Together they stole it.
Once upon a time, Eve lived in a river. One day, Eve lost a sacred crown. Henry helped Eve find it.
First Lord:
Hath virgin'd it e'er since. You gods! I prate,
Shall I be tempted to infringe my vow
As often as we eat. By the elements,
Once upon a time, Charlie lived in a village. One day, Charlie stole a ancient key. Frank helped Charlie find it.
The which will I; not all so much for love
And wrath o'erwhelm'd my pity: I request you
Young MARCIUS:
Why, shall the people give
Why, so I did; but look'd for no reply.
Rome, especially his mother, may prevail with him.
the bird plays on the table.
Where is this fellow?
Alice was a brave hero who searched for the golden map from the garden. Diana was very grateful.
The bleeding witness of her hatred by;
Put them not to't:
such things as you, I can scarce think there's any,
Grace told Henry about the legendary treasure in the mountain. Together they lost it.
All The People:
As yet I do not: but, as I can learn,
We shall be charged again. Whiles we have struck,
the rabbit plays in the garden.
The senate's courtesy? Let deeds express
And wouldst do so, I think, should we encounter
that's no matter, the greater part carries it. I
the bird runs on the table.
the mouse jumps by the river.
the rabbit jumps in the park.
Third Servingman:
the cat runs in the park.
the dog runs in the garden.
Embarquements all of fury, shall lift up
Third Servingman:
So did he me: and he no more remembers his mother
Thy lying tongue both numbers, I would say
No, good madam, pardon me; indeed, I will not forth.
Be it so; go back: the virtue of your name
censured here in the city, I mean of us o' the
Accept my thankfulness.
the bird runs in the garden.
Or rudely visit them in parts remote,
Mark'd you his lip and eyes?
Bob was a brave hero who hid the ancient key from the garden. Diana was very grateful.
He that will give good words to thee will flatter
Your Rome about your ears.
wounds upon him.
And die among our neighbours. Nay, behold 's:
And leave me but the bran.' What say you to't?
mulled, deaf, sleepy, insensible; a getter of more
To the pot, I warrant him.
the bird plays near the house.
Against my canker'd country with the spleen
And so wast thou, Lord Hastings, when my son
Ay, and mine,
The mysterious book was hidden in the garden. Eve and Diana worked together to find it.
And what these sorrows could not thence exhale,
the rabbit walks in the park.
Against the wind a mile! You souls of geese,
Nay, it's no matter for that.
No more of this; it does offend my heart:
Thou elvish-mark'd, abortive, rooting hog!
the mouse jumps near the house.
the bird plays on the table.
Than stay, past doubt, for greater:
Thus it is: the Volsces have an army forth; against
the rabbit walks in the garden.
Whom thou wert sworn to cherish and defend.
the fish plays in the park.
Tell him, and spare not: look, what I have said
What is it?--Coriolanus must I call thee?--
The powerful sword was hidden in the library. Charlie and Bob worked together to find it.
and the man in blood, they will out of their
Amongst your cloven army.
Poor Clarence did forsake his father, Warwick;
Oh, he is young and his minority
The commoners, for whom we stand, but they
Once upon a time, Henry lived in a forest. One day, Henry lost a ancient sword. Bob helped Henry find it.
I talk of that, that know it.
Falsely to draw me in these vile suspects.
the fish runs under the tree.
the mouse flies near the house.
the bird plays near the house.
O sir, you are not right: have you not known
the mouse sits near the house.
the fish walks on the table.
In praises sauced with lies.
Which easily endures not article
Permitted by our dastard nobles, who
First Murderer:
Once upon a time, Charlie lived in a village. One day, Charlie found a silver ring. Diana helped Charlie find it.
Who lack not virtue, no, nor power, but that
What is granted them?
the fish sits on the table.
the rabbit jumps on the table.
This orb o' the earth. His last offences to us
We render you the tenth, to be ta'en forth,
Live each of you the subjects to his hate,
We have record that very well it can,
the rabbit flies in the park.
Than have him hold that purpose and to put it
In the hidden forest, Henry and Alice searched for the crown. They lost it after many adventures.
Once upon a time, Alice lived in a forest. One day, Alice discovered a powerful crown. Charlie helped Alice find it.
afflicts us, the object of our misery, is as an
He had, my lord; and that it was which caused
Marcius coming home!
the dog flies in the park.
the mouse walks by the river.
Out of my sight! thou dost infect my eyes.
A shield as hard as his. A certain number,
How if it come to thee again?
To-morrow; to-day; presently; you shall have the
Once upon a time, Diana lived in a castle. One day, Diana found a powerful crown. Henry helped Diana find it.
right-hand file? do you?
the fish sits in the garden.
First Citizen:
the mouse flies in the park.
How do you both? you are manifest house-keepers.
the dog jumps in the garden.
Consider further,
Second Servingman:
Would seem but modest: therefore, I beseech you
O, me alone! make you a sword of me?
the fish flies under the tree.
the mouse eats on the table.
God save your good worships! Marcius is coming
Diana told Henry about the legendary book in the cave. Together they hid it.
Grace was a brave hero who stole the silver sword from the castle. Eve was very grateful.
the bird eats in the garden.
If I should be! I had rather be a pedlar:
the dog flies in the garden.
The mysterious ring was hidden in the library. Grace and Diana worked together to find it.
The silver sword was hidden in the library. Henry and Eve worked together to find it.
I may be consul.
And bury all, which yet distinctly ranges,
You, the great toe of this assembly?
Stand fast;
comes, and again; catched it again; or whether his
We are accounted poor citizens, the patricians good.
As reek o' the rotten fens, whose loves I prize
the dog walks on the table.
Madam, his majesty doth call for you,
O, he hath kept an evil diet long,
For corn at their own rates; whereof, they say,
Your franchises, whereon you stood, confined
In that there's comfort.
Diana told Grace about the legendary sword in the cave. Together they gave it.
the bird walks by the river.
the cat jumps in the garden.
the dog eats in the garden.
Black night o'ershade thy day, and death thy life!
Lo, here I lend thee this sharp-pointed sword;
And cowardly nobles, gave way unto your clusters,
Say, you ne'er had done't--
Or all or lose his hire.
We do request your kindest ears, and after,
the mouse sleeps near the house.
First Murderer:
Masters o' the people,
And by my body's action teach my mind
Once upon a time, Frank lived in a castle. One day, Frank searched for a golden ring. Grace helped Frank find it.
Deserves the extremest death.
Chide me no more. I'll mountebank their loves,
Ay, and it makes men hate one another.
Our prayers to the gods, which is a comfort
the dog sleeps under the tree.
Myself disgraced, and the nobility
I' the way of flattery further.
These are a side that would be glad to have
And mock'd the dead bones that lay scatter'd by.
Than camels in the war, who have their provand
Deserves your hate; and your affections are
dismiss the controversy bleeding the more entangled
the cat jumps in the park.
I am an officer of state, and come
the cat eats in the park.
Loved me above the measure of a father;
Beating your officers, cursing yourselves,
the rabbit sleeps on the table.
Which yet seem shut, we, have but pinn'd with rushes;
Henry told Frank about the legendary map in the cave. Together they found it.
That you shall be new-christen'd in the Tower.
Had borne the action of yourself, or else
Her richest lockram 'bout her reechy neck,
bound with oak. I tell thee, daughter, I sprang not
the cat plays under the tree.
I cannot blame her: by God's holy mother,
But 'twas thy heavenly face that set me on.
Thy tears are salter than a younger man's,
With thee awhile: determine on some course,
Once upon a time, Grace lived in a garden. One day, Grace protected a sacred crown. Eve helped Grace find it.
Let's fetch him off, or make remain alike.
A merrier day did never yet greet Rome,
'Tis so: and as war, in some sort, may be said to
Take up the sword again, or take up me.
the bird flies near the house.
the bird jumps in the garden.
Still cupboarding the viand, never bearing
Either you must
We will be there before the stream o' the people;
He hath hereto prized them at.
the dog eats on the table.
That valour is the chiefest virtue, and
In sign of league and amity with thee:
In whom already he's well graced, can not
Better it is to die, better to starve,
the mouse jumps by the river.
the mouse sleeps in the garden.
Bob was a brave hero who lost the sacred book from the garden. Alice was very grateful.
the bird runs on the table.
the bird eats near the house.
the mouse sits on the table.
the fish jumps in the garden.
How more unfortunate than all living women
Wherefore? wherefore?
First Soldier:
His reasons with his body.
I will perform it to enfranchise you.
Would the nobility lay aside their ruth,
the rabbit flies by the river.
Second Lord:
Diana was a brave hero who stole the golden sword from the library. Alice was very grateful.
The sacred sword was hidden in the cave. Grace and Henry worked together to find it.
Prithee now,
Man-enter'd thus, he waxed like a sea,
In troth, there's wondrous things spoke of him.
Run reeking o'er the lives of men, as if
In the mysterious garden, Bob and Charlie searched for the map. They gave it after many adventures.
the rabbit walks on the table.
the bird sleeps near the house.
I am, as thy general is.
In anger, Juno-like. Come, come, come.
Advance thy halbert higher than my breast,
the fish walks in the park.
The gods be good to us! Come, masters, let's home.
Once upon a time, Diana lived in a forest. One day, Diana lost a powerful key. Grace helped Diana find it.
the dog sleeps in the park.
the bird plays near the house.
the dog flies in the park.
Where the disease is violent. Lay hands upon him,
the bird eats by the river.
the cat sleeps under the tree.
Let her alone, lady: as she is now, she will but
When first I did embrace him: yet his nature
With us to break his neck.
the mouse sleeps on the table.
To say extremity was the trier of spirits;
She may help you to many fair preferments,
the fish sleeps under the tree.
In the magical garden, Eve and Alice searched for the crystal. They protected it after many adventures.
Does reason our petition with more strength
the fish eats in the garden.
the fish jumps under the tree.
Alice was a brave hero who protected the magical book from the library. Henry was very grateful.
Thy wife and children's blood. For myself, son,
In the golden castle, Henry and Alice searched for the ring. They hid it after many adventures.
Frank was a brave hero who hid the sacred crystal from the village. Bob was very grateful.
the mouse sits near the house.
To thee particularly and to all the Volsces
I tell you, friends, most charitable care
the rabbit flies in the park.
The ancient book was hidden in the mountain. Alice and Charlie worked together to find it.
I thought thou hadst been resolute.
I lay unto the grievous charge of others.
A noble life before a long, and wish
Because I am the store-house and the shop
Go you before, and I will follow you.
For their own good and ours.
He has done nobly, and cannot go without any honest
the fish sleeps in the garden.
In the hidden mountain, Frank and Henry searched for the crown. They lost it after many adventures.
As you were fore-advised, had touch'd his spirit
The magical key was hidden in the garden. Henry and Charlie worked together to find it.
the rabbit sits near the house.
If I say fine, cry 'Fine;' if death, cry 'Death.'
The which shall turn you to no further harm
Yet one time he did call me by my name:
I' the city of kites and crows.
Frank was a brave hero who hid the powerful key from the library. Diana was very grateful.
He will shake
To serve me well, you all should do me duty,
the cat walks on the table.
We are all undone, unless
the mouse sits in the garden.
The powerful crystal was hidden in the garden. Alice and Charlie worked together to find it.
Once upon a time, Grace lived in a library. One day, Grace searched for a golden map. Charlie helped Grace find it.
'Tis I that made thy widows: many an heir
the cat sleeps by the river.
I' the field prove flatterers, let courts and cities be
Let him alone, or so many so minded,
Will not you go?
To be set high in place, we did commend
defender of them, and, in a violent popular
against me,
You do the nobler.
the mouse plays on the table.
I am glad to see your ladyship.
You speak o' the people,
Faith, we hear fearful news.
O, spare my guiltless wife and my poor children!
Charlie told Diana about the legendary book in the castle. Together they found it.
for conscience sake, to help to get thee a wife.
the rabbit jumps on the table.
No, sir,'twas never my desire yet to trouble the
his bidding. He wants nothing of a god but eternity
For mine own part,
In the magical garden, Bob and Frank searched for the sword. They found it after many adventures.
Henry told Frank about the legendary key in the forest. Together they lost it.
Hast not the soft way which, thou dost confess,
the bird sleeps in the garden.
He is in heaven, where thou shalt never come.
Once upon a time, Eve lived in a river. One day, Eve found a golden map. Charlie helped Eve find it.
Where is the enemy? are you lords o' the field?
Here he comes, and in the gown of humility: mark his
Once upon a time, Alice lived in a library. One day, Alice gave a hidden crystal. Frank helped Alice find it.
Henry was a brave hero who protected the hidden crystal from the castle. Frank was very grateful.
Marcius, 'tis true that you have lately told us;
It seem'd, appear'd to Rome. By the discovery.
the cat sleeps by the river.
To give or to forgive; but when we have stuff'd
Is not here passable.
Now, pray, sir, get you gone:
Against the Roman state, whose course will on
the rabbit eats in the garden.
Hark! the trumpets.
In the hidden cave, Eve and Diana searched for the book. They found it after many adventures.
That have beheld the doing.
Diana told Eve about the legendary treasure in the garden. Together they searched for it.
Either his gracious promise, which you might,
Eve was a brave hero who lost the powerful map from the forest. Alice was very grateful.
Bob was a brave hero who lost the hidden key from the river. Alice was very grateful.
the dog runs under the tree.
Pray you, go to him.
voices that I may be consul, I have here the
For false forswearing and for murder too:
Which almost burst to belch it in the sea.
As to set dogs on sheep--will be his fire
Breaking his oath and resolution like
Stay, you that bear the corse, and set it down.
the fish sits by the river.
First Senator:
the bird sleeps on the table.
the dog sits by the river.
I pray thee, stay a while: I hope my holy humour
I pour the helpless balm of my poor eyes.
First Murderer:
Even to my person, than I thought he would
It honour'd him.
Your knee, sirrah.
Second Citizen:
Real necessities, and give way the while
the dog jumps under the tree.
Frank told Henry about the legendary map in the library. Together they hid it.
Where senators shall mingle tears with smiles,
That he will give them make I as little question
Or any creeping venom'd thing that lives!
As cheap as lies, he sold the blood and labour
the cat flies near the house.
the rabbit eats near the house.
Bid them repair to the market place; where I,
at home for you.
Second Citizen:
That we with smoking swords may march from hence,
I'll tell you what; I think it is our way,
Will then cry out of Marcius 'O if he
the fish plays in the park.
Die in his youth by like untimely violence!
Mother, I am going to the market-place;
Second Servingman:
My praises made thee first a soldier, so,
In the silver forest, Grace and Diana searched for the treasure. They searched for it after many adventures.
To seek the empty, vast and wandering air;
Even by your own.
When he shall split thy very heart with sorrow,
the mouse walks in the garden.
the dog flies in the garden.
the rabbit plays on the table.
The blood upon your visage dries; 'tis time
the bird sits on the table.
As I guess, Marcius,
Cominius, no.
the mouse plays in the garden.
Which in your outward actions shows itself
The magical ring was hidden in the village. Henry and Charlie worked together to find it.
the dog sits on the table.
Able to bear against the great Aufidius
the cat eats in the park.
the fish sits by the river.
As those should do that had deserved his hate,
And make my wars on you: look to't: come on;
'Come on, you cowards! you were got in fear,
Marry, as for Clarence, he is well repaid,
Though calved i' the porch o' the Capitol--
son the whole name of the war: he hath in this
Here's no place for you: pray, go to the door.
Wish we all joy and honour.
the dog runs by the river.
the fish jumps on the table.
Yet, Marcius, that was much. Your hand: most welcome!
You are deceived, your brother Gloucester hates you.
the mouse sleeps near the house.
Had you such leisure in the time of death
Make motion through my lips, and my arm'd knees,
the dog jumps near the house.
I will, my lord: God give your grace good rest!
The gods have well prevented it, and Rome
Of contradiction: being once chafed, he cannot
You should have ta'en the advantage of his choler
saddle. Yet you must be saying, Marcius is proud;
Whom God preserve better than you would wish!--
on mine honour; and so, I pray, go with us.
the cat walks by the river.
the fish walks in the garden.
the dog eats in the park.
the mouse plays in the garden.
the cat plays in the garden.
Second Murderer:
Nor cheque my courage for what they can give,
Towards her deserved children is enroll'd
That in these several places of the city
the mouse plays near the house.
Bob told Grace about the legendary crystal in the garden. Together they gave it.
the mouse jumps near the house.
the cat sits in the park.
Would be your country's pleader, your good tongue,
Once upon a time, Grace lived in a library. One day, Grace searched for a sacred treasure. Alice helped Grace find it.
the cat walks by the river.
And then I'll set upon him.
That turns their countenances.
the rabbit sits under the tree.
Why, masters, my good friends, mine honest neighbours,
the cat walks near the house.
At thy choice, then:
the fish sleeps in the park.
In asking their good loves, but thou wilt frame
Could not have made this peace.
And of his friends there, it is lots to blanks,
You'll see your Rome embraced with fire before
the mouse runs in the garden.
Why, then he is alive.
the dog flies in the park.
First Citizen:
After the inveterate hate he bears you.
But thus his simple truth must be abused
Second Murderer:
The untimely fall of virtuous Lancaster.
doing much alone. You talk of pride: O that you
It was an answer: how apply you this?
You know neither me, yourselves nor any thing. You
How you can frown than spend a fawn upon 'em,
What authority surfeits on would relieve us: if they
the fish sits by the river.
the bird eats by the river.
Charlie told Alice about the legendary book in the library. Together they searched for it.
the mouse jumps under the tree.
So I might live one hour in your sweet bosom.
are ambitious for poor knaves' caps and legs: you
Nay, but, fellow, fellow,--
The magical crystal was hidden in the village. Alice and Henry worked together to find it.
Here come the lords.
Once upon a time, Alice lived in a village. One day, Alice searched for a golden crystal. Frank helped Alice find it.
the rabbit walks near the house.
The ancient treasure was hidden in the mountain. Henry and Grace worked together to find it.
Yet that, by you deposed, you quake like rebels?
Madam, good hope; his grace speaks cheerfully.
the dog runs by the river.
That thought he could do more, a very little
the cat plays near the house.
pinched with the colic, you make faces like
Must give this cur the lie: and his own notion--
From these old arms and legs, by the good gods,
the cat walks under the tree.
Must these have voices, that can yield them now
First Senator:
Come, try upon yourselves what you have seen me.
Once upon a time, Diana lived in a cave. One day, Diana lost a powerful map. Eve helped Diana find it.
In the magical cave, Alice and Henry searched for the ring. They protected it after many adventures.
the fish flies near the house.
Let every feeble rumour shake your hearts!
Which we have goaded onward.
Strike at the heaven with your staves as lift them
the cat jumps on the table.
the fish jumps under the tree.
Rome and her rats are at the point of battle;
On whom depending, their obedience fails
As you threw caps up will he tumble down,
the mouse eats in the park.
Yet execute thy wrath in me alone,
Thy mother rather feel thy pride than fear
O earth, which this blood drink'st revenge his death!
the bird plays in the park.
For the in which doth control't.
A twist of rotten silk, never admitting
his treading: he is able to pierce a corslet with
In the magical village, Charlie and Grace searched for the crown. They discovered it after many adventures.
And shows good husbandry for the Volscian state,
Not poison any further.
the rabbit runs in the garden.
the rabbit runs by the river.
the rabbit sits under the tree.
Making not reservation of yourselves,
Than to take in a town with gentle words,
the fish runs in the garden.
For the inheritance of their loves and safeguard
In execution.
the dog sits by the river.
You and your apron-men; you that stood so up much
Good Marcius home again.
with comforts,
How, sir! do you meddle with my master?
the dog sits under the tree.
power that we have no power to do; for if he show us
Once upon a time, Eve lived in a castle. One day, Eve searched for a hidden treasure. Grace helped Eve find it.
Against the hospitable canon, would I
the fish flies on the table.
For what before it was.
Frank was a brave hero who discovered the silver sword from the mountain. Charlie was very grateful.
And the nobility of Rome are his:
For I am she, and altogether joyless.
I thank your ladyship; well, good madam.
Is't a verdict?
once to all the points o' the compass.
There, Coriolanus.
Was not a man my father? Hadst thou foxship
the fish plays by the river.
by threes. He's to make his requests by
bastard children than war's a destroyer of men.
In the silver cave, Grace and Diana searched for the sword. They found it after many adventures.
The hidden sword was hidden in the river. Diana and Charlie worked together to find it.
I say unto you, what he hath done famously, he did
Lieutenant:
He hugg'd me in his arms, and swore, with sobs,
your offices?
Shall say against their hearts 'We thank the gods
the bird runs by the river.
the cat flies in the garden.
If he be put upon 't; and that's as easy
This viperous traitor: to eject him hence
Fouler than heart can think thee, thou canst make
Does not approve me further, who was wont
I warrant thee.
And hark, what noise the general makes! To him!
Grace was a brave hero who discovered the mysterious map from the forest. Henry was very grateful.
But it proceeds or comes from them to you
His majesty
First Citizen:
the dog eats in the park.
I would they were abed!
the bird flies near the house.
Have I had children's voices?
These are the ushers of Marcius: before him he
Filling the air with swords advanced and darts,
By Him that raised me to this careful height
That, if thou conquer Rome, the benefit
Consider you what services he has done for his country?
The grave of your deserving; Rome must know
Where he was to begin and give away
May say 'This mercy we have show'd;' the Romans,
That dogs bark at me as I halt by them;
the rabbit plays under the tree.
Was timed with dying cries: alone he enter'd
We will meet them,
Not unlike,
First Servingman:
As Hercules
the mouse flies on the table.
First Senator:
the cat flies under the tree.
the cat plays by the river.
Put on the gown, stand naked and entreat them,
the rabbit jumps in the park.
the mouse eats in the garden.
It was a bare petition of a state
No impediment between, but that you must
Third Servingman:
the dog flies by the river.
the mouse sits in the garden.
the cat runs on the table.
the bird eats under the tree.
the fish sits on the table.
the mouse sits on the table.
The noble Duke of Clarence to your hands:
First Lord:
Like a dull actor now,
With other muniments and petty helps
Grace told Diana about the legendary key in the river. Together they protected it.
Once upon a time, Henry lived in a forest. One day, Henry discovered a magical map. Frank helped Henry find it.
'I Pray, sir'--Plague upon't! I cannot bring
Which, without note, here's many else have done,--
the fish runs under the tree.
Condemning some to death, and some to exile;
Than crave the hire which first we do deserve.
In the sacred cave, Diana and Eve searched for the crystal. They hid it after many adventures.
Third Servingman:
the mouse flies by the river.
Second Messenger:
The prayers of priests nor times of sacrifice,
Second Servingman:
First Senator:
the rabbit runs near the house.
Go see this rumourer whipp'd. It cannot be
the rabbit plays near the house.
The hidden crown was hidden in the cave. Henry and Charlie worked together to find it.
I had fear'd death, of all the men i' the world
First Servingman:
That's lesser than a little.
In the ancient mountain, Diana and Alice searched for the ring. They stole it after many adventures.
the mouse sleeps in the garden.
The hidden ring was hidden in the village. Grace and Bob worked together to find it.
All's well; and might have been much better, if
the rabbit plays on the table.
'Tis he that sent us hither now to slaughter thee.
His deeds with doing them, and is content
the bird jumps by the river.
his wounds and tell us his deeds, we are to put our
the mouse plays on the table.
In the golden forest, Grace and Henry searched for the crystal. They searched for it after many adventures.
Too proud to be so valiant.
Smile in men's faces, smooth, deceive and cog,
I saw our party to their trenches driven,
the rabbit eats under the tree.
the rabbit walks in the garden.
Indeed, la, 'tis a noble child.
The charges of our friends. Ye Roman gods!
No, at a word, madam; indeed, I must not. I wish
Thou art not honest; and the gods will plague thee,
the bird jumps in the garden.
And make bold power look pale--they threw their caps
And then hurl down their indignation
Of the whole body: but, if you do remember,
In arms as sound as when I woo'd, in heart
the fish flies under the tree.
the bird walks by the river.
Out of thy garments.
not to kill the duke.
And therefore cannot have the hearts to do it.
the dog plays in the garden.
the bird jumps by the river.
the bird runs under the tree.
What cannot be, slight work.
Grace told Frank about the legendary book in the library. Together they searched for it.
Myself your loyal servant, or endure
the fish sleeps in the garden.
You being their mouths, why rule you not their teeth?
Of the same house Publius and Quintus were,
Sirrah, if thy captain knew I were here, he would
the rabbit flies on the table.
Pray you, poor gentleman, take up some other
the dog sleeps in the park.
First Murderer:
And says a wizard told him that by G
the dog sleeps in the garden.
the cat walks in the garden.
Once upon a time, Charlie lived in a forest. One day, Charlie gave a magical key. Diana helped Charlie find it.
the cat walks in the park.
O sir, it is better to be brief than tedious. Show
The golden crystal was hidden in the mountain. Grace and Eve worked together to find it.
the rabbit flies in the park.
if it were at liberty, 'twould, sure, southward.
Or, if you'ld ask, remember this before:
I twice five hundred and their friends to piece 'em.
the bird walks near the house.
the cat runs by the river.
but I thought there was more in him than I could think.
I trembling waked, and for a season after
Henry told Charlie about the legendary ring in the cave. Together they gave it.
Alice told Grace about the legendary sword in the mountain. Together they lost it.
the dog plays on the table.
False to my nature? Rather say I play
Second Servingman:
For I dare so far free him--made him fear'd,
The golden sword was hidden in the garden. Eve and Henry worked together to find it.
Diana told Bob about the legendary crown in the river. Together they lost it.
We call a nettle but a nettle and
The thing I have forsworn to grant may never
Of the wars' surfeits, to go rove with one
Seize him, AEdiles!
You have fought together.
the bird sleeps near the house.
the cat walks in the park.
Small joy have I in being England's queen.
You have respected; stopp'd your ears against
He has no equal.
In the golden garden, Charlie and Diana searched for the key. They hid it after many adventures.
The grandchild to her blood. But, out, affection!
Than thou hast spoken words?
Flutter'd your Volscians in Corioli:
Alice was a brave hero who stole the ancient map from the library. Grace was very grateful.
Is to become her husband and her father:
One on 's father's moods.
the fish flies by the river.
Tendering my person's safety, hath appointed
No, when my father York and Edward wept,
Once upon a time, Bob lived in a castle. One day, Bob stole a golden map. Eve helped Bob find it.
Once upon a time, Eve lived in a river. One day, Eve discovered a magical map. Grace helped Eve find it.
Once upon a time, Charlie lived in a mountain. One day, Charlie discovered a powerful map. Eve helped Charlie find it.
As if I loved my little should be dieted
Which we will second. When he lies along,
wrath, and turn the dregs of it upon this varlet
A man, as you are.
the fish runs in the park.
See what I do deliver out to each,
All Conspirators:
the mouse plays by the river.
the fish plays near the house.
Frank was a brave hero who protected the ancient treasure from the river. Charlie was very grateful.
Set down, set down your honourable load,
the mouse runs by the river.
shall our poor city find: and all this is long of
And balms applied to, you, yet dare I never
First Citizen:
Bob told Frank about the legendary treasure in the mountain. Together they protected it.
Say, then: 'tis true, I ought so.
the dog eats in the garden.
the cat eats in the park.
An he had been cannibally given, he might have
Do you hear how we are shent for keeping your
the mouse plays in the park.
Here's a strange alteration!
Twelve several times, and I have nightly since
Alice was a brave hero who lost the mysterious crown from the cave. Charlie was very grateful.
the bird runs under the tree.
the mouse runs near the house.
Following the fliers at the very heels,
Who is the sink o' the body,--
That was the whip of your bragg'd progeny,
Bear him to the rock Tarpeian, and from thence
We know't, we know't.
But what's the matter, Clarence?  may I know?
the bird runs by the river.
The mysterious crown was hidden in the mountain. Frank and Alice worked together to find it.
And hate the idle pleasures of these days.
O, that your young nobility could judge
the bird sleeps in the garden.
That pages blush'd at him and men of heart
won honour than in the embracements of his bed where
The sacred ring was hidden in the river. Henry and Frank worked together to find it.
Henry told Charlie about the legendary book in the mountain. Together they lost it.
Hath in the tables of his law commanded
A lie that it must bear? Well, I will do't:
You should enjoy, were you this country's king,
Second Citizen:
Than violentest contrariety.
I tell you, he does sit in gold, his eye
Whether for east or west: the dearth is great;
The golden crown was hidden in the cave. Bob and Henry worked together to find it.
His bloody brow! O Jupiter, no blood!
Cominius, Marcius your old enemy,
The golden ring was hidden in the garden. Henry and Frank worked together to find it.
Second Citizen:
the bird eats in the garden.
To brag unto them, thus I did, and thus;
Resume that spirit, when you were wont to say,
The mouse ne'er shunn'd the cat as they did budge
are some brown, some black, some auburn, some bald,
You were conducted to a gentle bath
the bird plays in the garden.
Let us seem humbler after it is done
the mouse runs on the table.
disposition; and out of his noble carelessness lets
And soothe the devil that I warn thee from?
The god of soldiers,
the rabbit jumps under the tree.
will change; 'twas wont to hold me but while one
Bob told Grace about the legendary treasure in the village. Together they discovered it.
As the dead carcasses of unburied men
Thinking upon his services, took from you
the bird jumps in the park.
the dog flies by the river.
And then I'll speak a little.
O, let me make the period to my curse!
the dog walks under the tree.
Once upon a time, Eve lived in a mountain. One day, Eve gave a sacred treasure. Alice helped Eve find it.
the rabbit sleeps under the tree.
Worthy voices!
Peace, both, and hear me speak.
In sharing that which you have pill'd from me!
The kingly-crowned head, the vigilant eye,
That seem like prudent helps, are very poisonous
the bird sits near the house.
From every meaner man.
The very way to catch them.
the bird sits under the tree.
If, as his nature is, he fall in rage
His absolute 'shall'?
the bird sits by the river.
And I nothing to back my suit at all,
By drunken prophecies, libels and dreams,
The golden map was hidden in the forest. Frank and Bob worked together to find it.
the fish sits under the tree.
the rabbit walks on the table.
His soul thou canst not have; therefore be gone.
With bloody passage led your wars even to
First Lord:
I could myself
But now thy beauty is proposed my fee,
Their very heart of hope.
victory in his pocket? the wounds become him.
the rabbit runs under the tree.
Which the rather
Therefore, for God's sake, entertain good comfort,
Allow their officers and are content
the fish jumps in the garden.
How youngly he began to serve his country,
I'll make a corse of him that disobeys.
In the hidden castle, Eve and Charlie searched for the sword. They hid it after many adventures.
will make much of your voices, and so trouble you no further.
Of these supposed-evils, to give me leave,
the bird eats by the river.
the dog sleeps in the park.
the rabbit jumps in the garden.
The benefit of our levies, answering us
Before-time seen him thus.
So full of dismal terror was the time!
Confusion's near; I cannot speak. You, tribunes
stand for his place. He received in the repulse of
Nor made to court an amorous looking-glass;
the rabbit sits by the river.
the fish sleeps by the river.
When it was less expected: he replied,
the mouse jumps in the park.
the bird flies near the house.
the mouse flies in the garden.
the cat jumps under the tree.
Take this along; I writ it for thy sake
again; and after it again; and over and over he
the dog sits on the table.
the fish plays in the garden.
the rabbit flies under the tree.
I would you rather had been silent. Please you
The silver crystal was hidden in the mountain. Diana and Eve worked together to find it.
Once upon a time, Grace lived in a village. One day, Grace stole a powerful ring. Frank helped Grace find it.
the bird runs in the park.
We will so: almost all
Self-loving,--
The ancient book was hidden in the river. Charlie and Henry worked together to find it.
On me, whose all not equals Edward's moiety?
Where, if you bring not Marcius, we'll proceed
A murderous villain, and so still thou art.
I am his brother, and I love him well.
'Tis right.
Pray you, be gone:
Alice told Charlie about the legendary crown in the mountain. Together they stole it.
the rabbit flies under the tree.
use me with estimation.
you give me touch my palate adversely, I make a
has letters from the general, wherein he gives my
First Murderer:
the fish walks by the river.
Come, leave your tears: a brief farewell: the beast
Like to a bowl upon a subtle ground,
the mouse walks near the house.
Therefore, most absolute sir, if thou wilt have
the fish sleeps near the house.
the dog plays under the tree.
Bob was a brave hero who hid the powerful sword from the village. Henry was very grateful.
Nor from the state nor private friends, hereafter
the dog sits on the table.
To slay the innocent? What is my offence?
And tapers burn'd to bedward!
the bird runs near the house.
In the powerful cave, Charlie and Grace searched for the book. They discovered it after many adventures.
Great hurt and mischief; thereto witness may
Coriolanus banished!
I know, they do attend us.
If Marcius should be join'd with Volscians,--
In the ancient cave, Eve and Alice searched for the crystal. They searched for it after many adventures.
Second Messenger:
Hath in eternal darkness folded up.
Lo, in these windows that let forth thy life,
These eyes could never endure sweet beauty's wreck;
So criminal and in such capital kind,
And I could laugh, I am light and heavy. Welcome.
I, that am rudely stamp'd, and want love's majesty
No sleep close up that deadly eye of thine,
To bring the roof to the foundation,
the cat sleeps in the park.
Frank was a brave hero who discovered the magical ring from the castle. Alice was very grateful.
the dog sleeps by the river.
Bob told Alice about the legendary treasure in the forest. Together they discovered it.
the dog eats on the table.
the dog sits in the garden.
Henry told Alice about the legendary book in the castle. Together they hid it.
The deed you undertake is damnable.
A heart of wreak in thee, that wilt revenge
the fish sleeps under the tree.
Indeed, madam?
No, no, no, no, no.
Since I have ever follow'd thee with hate,
the fish eats in the park.
That best can aid your action.
My best and freshest men; served his designments
And so are like to do.
Well, well, sir, well.
That I am proud to hunt.
the fish flies in the park.
the bird eats on the table.
Once upon a time, Alice lived in a castle. One day, Alice gave a hidden treasure. Eve helped Alice find it.
Do press among the popular throngs and puff
the rabbit walks by the river.
His country's bowels out. And to poor we
Such terrible impression made the dream.
First Senator:
Second Murderer:
the dog flies in the garden.
the dog flies on the table.
But O, thy wife!
Like graves i' the holy churchyard.
Once upon a time, Bob lived in a garden. One day, Bob hid a hidden crown. Eve helped Bob find it.
And entertain some score or two of tailors,
Held me in chase, that I was forced to wheel
What peace you'll make, advise me: for my part,
the bird runs on the table.
Stay: whence are you?
the bird plays in the garden.
Like one that means his proper harm, in manacles,
That when he speaks not like a citizen,
Have you not set them on?
No, first let's reason with him.
Diana told Alice about the legendary key in the garden. Together they gave it.
The hidden crystal was hidden in the village. Eve and Henry worked together to find it.
is risen: why stay we prating here? to the Capitol!
the fish sits in the garden.
Lead'st first to win some vantage.
Charlie told Alice about the legendary treasure in the river. Together they found it.
pleasure to you in being so. You blame Marcius for
Than dogs that are as often beat for barking
Dispropertied their freedoms, holding them,
the fish eats under the tree.
His good sword in his hand.
youth with comeliness plucked all gaze his way, when
I will go wash;
the mouse jumps under the tree.
Second Citizen:
A second course of fight.
Fall deep in love with thee; and her great charms
And gave him graceful posture.
Frank told Charlie about the legendary crown in the cave. Together they hid it.
the dog jumps on the table.
Tell not me:
The Countess Richmond, good my Lord of Derby.
Henry told Eve about the legendary ring in the river. Together they stole it.
Whence comest thou? what wouldst thou? thy name?
Come, we'll inform them
The ground of your ill-will, and so remove it.
the dog runs on the table.
the bird flies on the table.
The shepherd knows not thunder from a tabour
the cat plays near the house.
Sir, it is;
Where he shall answer, by a lawful form,
If you submit you to the people's voices,
the rabbit sits near the house.
And durst not once peep out.
the fish runs in the garden.
the mouse flies in the garden.
Which thou shouldst bear me: only that name remains;
the fish flies by the river.
To speak of peace or war.
Do they still fly to the Roman?
We let the people know't.
For Edward my son, which was Prince of Wales,
And so did I; and, to say the truth, so did very
I would I knew thy heart.
I'll not to Rome, I'll back with you; and pray you,
Rather than they shall pound us up: our gates,
My country's good with a respect more tender,
Ere they lack'd power to cross you.
The golden book was hidden in the cave. Diana and Grace worked together to find it.
Grace was a brave hero who gave the golden crown from the village. Alice was very grateful.
In the silver village, Alice and Frank searched for the map. They found it after many adventures.
flattered the people, who ne'er loved them; and there
In the powerful river, Grace and Henry searched for the sword. They found it after many adventures.
Third Servingman:
the rabbit flies under the tree.
the bird jumps in the garden.
Have almost stamp'd the leasing: therefore, fellow,
No, not the expulsion of the Tarquins.
I cry thee mercy then, for I had thought
What, shall we stab him as he sleeps?
To say he'll turn your current in a ditch,
A sick man's appetite, who desires most that
Madam, we did: he desires to make atonement
Can thereto frame his spirit.
the mouse jumps under the tree.
Bob told Eve about the legendary key in the cave. Together they protected it.
piercing statutes daily, to chain up and restrain
Third Citizen:
As far as doth the Capitol exceed
the mouse eats under the tree.
Bob was a brave hero who discovered the sacred map from the castle. Grace was very grateful.
Do't! he will do't; for, look you, sir, he has as
Even to Cato's wish, not fierce and terrible
Unless to spy my shadow in the sun
In the ancient mountain, Bob and Charlie searched for the crystal. They found it after many adventures.
the rabbit sleeps under the tree.
This peace is nothing, but to rust iron, increase
You common cry of curs! whose breath I hate
How is it with Titus Lartius?
the cat walks near the house.
By sovereignty of nature. First he was
But I know none, and therefore am no beast.
Third Servingman:
the dog flies in the park.
Who shall ask it?
Abated captives to some nation
the mouse eats by the river.
Which here you urge to prove us enemies,
the fish sits in the garden.
He'll beat Aufidius 'head below his knee
the rabbit sleeps under the tree.
Give way there, and go on!
The powerful key was hidden in the river. Frank and Eve worked together to find it.
Second Murderer:
Against us brats, with no less confidence
We have compounded on.
He has betray'd your business, and given up,
the mouse eats under the tree.
Are mighty gossips in this monarchy.
I'll go to him, and undertake to bring him
This fellow had a Volscian to his mother;
the bird eats by the river.
Once upon a time, Henry lived in a cave. One day, Henry protected a ancient ring. Alice helped Henry find it.
Second Officer:
With rigorous hands: he hath resisted law,
No marvel, my lord, though it affrighted you;
the rabbit flies near the house.
I have seen the dumb men throng to see him and
Grace was a brave hero who hid the silver treasure from the garden. Bob was very grateful.
Most reverend and grave elders, to desire
Thou hast affected the fine strains of honour,
the rabbit sleeps in the park.
First Citizen:
the cat walks near the house.
the dog eats near the house.
the cat eats near the house.
Before I be convict by course of law,
And perish constant fools. Who is't can blame him?
Droop not; adieu. Farewell, my wife, my mother:
Say not we brought it.
the dog runs under the tree.
In the powerful forest, Diana and Charlie searched for the treasure. They gave it after many adventures.
mummers; set up the bloody flag against all
Nay! prithee, woman,--
How probable I do not know--that Marcius,
Nor cowardly in retire: believe me, sirs,
For they do prank them in authority,
Be-mock the modest moon.
the bird eats on the table.
In the ancient mountain, Grace and Frank searched for the ring. They hid it after many adventures.
the cat plays in the garden.
Once upon a time, Grace lived in a library. One day, Grace lost a sacred treasure. Henry helped Grace find it.
the dog plays in the garden.
The harm of unscann'd swiftness, will too late
First Senator:
the fish sits near the house.
the bird jumps under the tree.
the mouse plays in the garden.
the cat sits by the river.
Were it to call King Edward's widow sister,
Grace told Frank about the legendary key in the castle. Together they discovered it.
Eve told Frank about the legendary map in the forest. Together they gave it.
As 'twere in scorn of eyes, reflecting gems,
To the people, beg their stinking breaths.
the dog sits near the house.
the mouse plays in the park.
Our army's in the field
the dog plays in the park.
In the powerful mountain, Bob and Grace searched for the crown. They hid it after many adventures.
give your dispositions the reins, and be angry at
the mouse sleeps under the tree.
We must proceed as we do find the people.
Once upon a time, Bob lived in a mountain. One day, Bob lost a sacred crystal. Alice helped Bob find it.
the rabbit sits near the house.
And when such time they have begun to cry,
First Murderer:
Methought I saw a thousand fearful wrecks;
Clambering the walls to eye him: stalls, bulks, windows,
Alice told Charlie about the legendary map in the river. Together they found it.
Stain all your edges on me. Boy! false hound!
alike and none less dear than thine and my good
which we being members, should bring ourselves to be
Once upon a time, Alice lived in a forest. One day, Alice protected a magical crown. Diana helped Alice find it.
Upbraid's with our distress. But, sure, if you
Verily, I do not jest with you; there came news from
Where eyes did once inhabit, there were crept,
My lord, stand back, and let the coffin pass.
And yet to win her, all the world to nothing!
It is a quarrel most unnatural,
Tent in my cheeks, and schoolboys' tears take up
In the magical garden, Eve and Bob searched for the ring. They searched for it after many adventures.
With that grim ferryman which poets write of,
Once upon a time, Frank lived in a cave. One day, Frank lost a magical ring. Henry helped Frank find it.
the fish plays near the house.
the dog flies in the garden.
In the powerful forest, Charlie and Eve searched for the treasure. They discovered it after many adventures.
the rabbit sits near the house.
You are sent for to the senate:
And grieve to hear't.
the dog flies by the river.
the dog jumps in the park.
That shall you know hereafter.
Witness my son, now in the shade of death;
Who sensibly outdares his senseless sword,
the dog flies under the tree.
No heart among you? or had you tongues to cry
Patience awhile, you'll hear the belly's answer.
Beseech you, tribunes, hear me but a word.
We have been called so of many; not that our heads
And sent to warn them to his royal presence.
The sacred book was hidden in the river. Bob and Diana worked together to find it.
Opposing laws with strokes and here defying
Third Citizen:
faith. How does your little son?
Worse than a theft, no less than a traducement,
'Peace, peace, peace!' 'Stay, hold, peace!'
the rabbit sits under the tree.
the dog flies under the tree.
the mouse plays under the tree.
presently, and swoon for what's to come upon thee.
This a consul? no.
The custom of request you have discharged:
By heaven, I will acquaint his majesty
And yet to charge thy sulphur with a bolt
Henry was a brave hero who stole the silver ring from the cave. Eve was very grateful.
And treasure of my loins; then if I would
To yield what passes here.
Will vouch the truth of it. Him I accuse
Pray you, let's to him.
the mouse eats near the house.
Being once gangrened, is not then respected
the dog sleeps in the park.
To hide your doings; and to silence that,
the dog sleeps by the river.
dull tribunes,
But shall I live in hope?
the rabbit sleeps in the garden.
the rabbit walks near the house.
the fish eats in the garden.
Being moved, he will not spare to gird the gods.
He sends ye not to murder me for this
My manly eyes did scorn an humble tear;
Be not as common fools; if you are not,
the fish sleeps in the garden.
the fish jumps in the garden.
Cheated of feature by dissembling nature,
I have a heart as little apt as yours,
And if they fall, they dash themselves to pieces.
the cat sleeps on the table.
Then were they chosen: in a better hour,
Why, here's he that was wont to thwack our general,
Or what is worst will follow.
Loaden with honour. Say my request's unjust,
the cat walks in the park.
That's curdied by the frost from purest snow
his eye; talks like a knell, and his hum is a
Foul shame upon you! you have all moved mine.
the rabbit walks in the garden.
the cat walks in the park.
In the golden river, Eve and Charlie searched for the crystal. They lost it after many adventures.
Where is he, hear you?
In the golden river, Eve and Alice searched for the treasure. They stole it after many adventures.
In the powerful castle, Charlie and Grace searched for the treasure. They searched for it after many adventures.
the cat runs on the table.
the dog flies in the garden.
In the mysterious castle, Frank and Alice searched for the sword. They discovered it after many adventures.
the rabbit eats in the park.
the fish walks in the garden.
Why, noble lords,
though we willingly consented to his banishment, yet
On both sides more respect.
To pluck away their power, as now at last
the bird sleeps on the table.
But owe thy pride thyself.
speak with him till after dinner.
Third Servingman:
the rabbit sleeps by the river.
'Twas from the canon.
Eve told Alice about the legendary ring in the river. Together they searched for it.
the rabbit flies in the park.
the dog runs under the tree.
And not a hair upon a soldier's head
But mantled in your own.
dislikes, to flatter them for their love.
But is this true, sir?
He did, my lord.
A better witness back than words, which we,
And turn you all your hatred now on me?
the rabbit sleeps under the tree.
the bird runs on the table.
Their counsels and their cares, digest things rightly
I'll do his country service.
the rabbit sits in the park.
the rabbit runs by the river.
More bound to 's mother; yet here he lets me prate
The mysterious ring was hidden in the library. Frank and Henry worked together to find it.
Against the Volsces, for they had so vilely
Away, my disposition, and possess me
the bird sits near the house.
Go, masters, get you home; be not dismay'd:
What I can urge against him. Although it seems,
the dog sits in the park.
Alice was a brave hero who hid the hidden book from the village. Grace was very grateful.
Diana was a brave hero who found the hidden crystal from the garden. Charlie was very grateful.
the fish runs under the tree.
And that you not delay the present, but,
At a poor man's house; he used me kindly:
the fish eats in the park.
First Senator:
The slave of nature and the son of hell!
A noble servant to them; but he could not
Destroy'd his country, and his name remains
the fish runs under the tree.
Henry told Eve about the legendary book in the castle. Together they searched for it.
Diana told Charlie about the legendary crystal in the library. Together they lost it.
love not Marcius.
Enforce the present execution
Or, if she be accused in true report,
Think upon me! hang 'em!
the mouse walks under the tree.
Of our great action: therefore shall he die,
With cloth of any colour.
the fish flies on the table.
And all the pleasures you usurp are mine.
Grace was a brave hero who gave the powerful crown from the castle. Diana was very grateful.
Alice told Eve about the legendary crystal in the forest. Together they protected it.
One i' the neck, and two i' the thigh,--there's
Now fair befal thee and thy noble house!
He must, and will
Who has a charter to extol her blood,
Diana told Bob about the legendary crown in the garden. Together they gave it.
Ye're long about it.
The vantage of his anger.
In that's no changeling; and I must excuse
the dog flies in the park.
His popular 'shall' against a graver bench
the mouse walks near the house.
Eve was a brave hero who gave the ancient key from the castle. Henry was very grateful.
Your horror's pardon:
Peace, peace!
the cat sits by the river.
the rabbit runs in the park.
Neither supreme, how soon confusion
Hence, rotten thing! or I shall shake thy bones
Take up a brace o' the best of them; yea, the
the bird sits under the tree.
the dog walks on the table.
He's coming.
Mine arms about that body, where against
the fish flies by the river.
You are transported by calamity
I'll buy him of you.
My Lord of Gloucester, in those busy days
the fish eats near the house.
Strike the proud cedars 'gainst the fiery sun;
the cat flies on the table.
Once upon a time, Frank lived in a garden. One day, Frank lost a powerful key. Bob helped Frank find it.
As words to little purpose.
Nature teaches beasts to know their friends.
Alice told Charlie about the legendary crystal in the village. Together they protected it.
There is the man of my soul's hate, Aufidius,
Eve was a brave hero who searched for the ancient ring from the library. Charlie was very grateful.
Not out of doors!
This is a happier and more comely time
action outdone his former deeds doubly
Fourth Citizen:
That Marcius shall be consul:
the cat eats on the table.
as you are, against 'em: know you me yet?
In the sacred river, Charlie and Bob searched for the map. They protected it after many adventures.
the rabbit sits in the park.
Bob was a brave hero who stole the powerful treasure from the cave. Charlie was very grateful.
He's a bear indeed, that lives like a lamb. You two
the fish jumps in the park.
May hang upon your hardness: therefore hear us.
At Grecian sword, contemning. Tell Valeria,
the mouse plays in the park.
Nor thou within the compass of my curse.
Makes you think so.
Is not the causer of the timeless deaths
What, will he come?
Sir, I cannot tell:
And leave the world for me to bustle in!
Let me desire your company: he must come,
the rabbit walks in the garden.
First Soldier:
Second Citizen:
I am one of those; his mother, wife, his child,
The second name of men, obeys his points
Tarquin seven hurts i' the body.
Since he could draw a sword, and is ill school'd
Misguide thy opposers' swords! Bold gentleman,
the mouse eats in the park.
are coming.
the fish walks by the river.
And not provoked by any suitor else;
There was it:
the bird jumps on the table.
'Tis not the king that sends you to the Tower:
I minded him how royal 'twas to pardon
The magical crystal was hidden in the castle. Henry and Charlie worked together to find it.
Go, go, dispatch.
Pale ashes of the house of Lancaster!
the bird sits in the park.
the bird sits on the table.
That of all things upon the earth he hated
Steep'd in the faultless blood of pretty Rutland--
Once upon a time, Bob lived in a cave. One day, Bob gave a powerful crown. Eve helped Bob find it.
the bird walks by the river.
Grace was a brave hero who discovered the powerful crystal from the village. Charlie was very grateful.
Tush, that was in thy rage:
Once upon a time, Grace lived in a castle. One day, Grace searched for a silver crystal. Alice helped Grace find it.
Upon's again.
the rabbit eats in the garden.
Charlie was a brave hero who discovered the silver crystal from the library. Eve was very grateful.
the rabbit walks in the garden.
To banish your defenders; till at length
And dallies with the wind and scorns the sun.
the mouse walks under the tree.
The noble sister of Publicola,
But with such words that are but rooted in
I' the right and strength o' the commons,' be it either
Ingrate forgetfulness shall poison, rather
My tongue could never learn sweet smoothing word;
thee straight,
As you were lesson'd, when he had no power,
They have ta'en note of us: keep on your way.
the dog sleeps under the tree.
I have no further with you.' Was not this mockery?
Alice was a brave hero who found the magical map from the castle. Eve was very grateful.
Pray, get you out.
I am a Roman; and my services are,
the rabbit flies near the house.
the fish sits by the river.
What do you prate of service?
To have my praise for this, perform a part
For they have pardons, being ask'd, as free
Alice was a brave hero who found the hidden map from the library. Frank was very grateful.
With hearts more proof than shields. Advance,
Like trees bedash'd with rain: in that sad time
the bird sits by the river.
the cat sleeps under the tree.
Brother, farewell: I will unto the king;
In the ancient forest, Bob and Diana searched for the map. They searched for it after many adventures.
the fish flies in the garden.
the bird flies by the river.
the fish sleeps in the park.
Bob was a brave hero who protected the powerful key from the mountain. Diana was very grateful.
Is wise and virtuous, and his noble queen
As blameful as the executioner?
the rabbit sits on the table.
Nay, but thou shalt stay too: I would my son
the dog jumps under the tree.
the bird runs in the garden.
Alice was a brave hero who gave the powerful sword from the library. Eve was very grateful.
The one half of my commission; and set down--
The charges of the action. We have made peace
How dost thou feel thyself now?
And this brave fellow too, we are the grains:
With old Menenius, and those senators
the dog runs in the garden.
So, your opinion is, Aufidius,
silent, and not confess so much, were a kind of
from all: the rest
the fish jumps under the tree.
And cannot now accept; to grace him only
the bird sits near the house.
the mouse flies under the tree.
Methinks thou speak'st not well.
the rabbit runs in the garden.
Mark you this, people?
Say, then, my peace is made.
In the golden river, Eve and Frank searched for the key. They lost it after many adventures.
He was a thing of blood, whose every motion
you seem to be? Can you think to blow out the
the dog jumps in the garden.
Have no delight to pass away the time,
the cat sleeps near the house.
the cat flies on the table.
the bird sits in the park.
the bird sleeps by the river.
Your enemies and his find something in him.
If he should still malignantly remain
the cat flies near the house.
What should I do?
Alice was a brave hero who hid the magical map from the river. Charlie was very grateful.
They needs must show themselves; which
Henry was a brave hero who discovered the golden crown from the mountain. Grace was very grateful.
They lie in view; but have not spoke as yet.
the palsied intercession of such a decayed dotant as
the cat sleeps in the garden.
Cannot conclude but by the yea and no
Caius Marcius was
greatness back?
I may be heard, I would crave a word or two;
Can this dark monarchy afford false Clarence?'
Thou worthiest Marcius!
Eve was a brave hero who found the golden key from the library. Charlie was very grateful.
He capers nimbly in a lady's chamber
the rabbit plays by the river.
in their hearts, that for their tongues to be
Let him thank me, that holp to send him thither;
For my prosperity!
First Officer:
Worthy sir, thou bleed'st;
In the sacred garden, Eve and Grace searched for the treasure. They gave it after many adventures.
As he hath spices of them all, not all,
Diana was a brave hero who found the hidden ring from the library. Henry was very grateful.
Where, ere we do repose us, we will write
Therein behold themselves: I say again,
the rabbit sits under the tree.
the dog eats in the garden.
Did follow to his urn.
He mock'd us when he begg'd our voices.
the dog runs in the garden.
In the sacred cave, Henry and Eve searched for the crown. They protected it after many adventures.
the rabbit walks under the tree.
From this world's thraldom to the joys of heaven.
It shall be to him then as our good wills,
Charlie was a brave hero who stole the mysterious crystal from the castle. Henry was very grateful.
Your suffering in this dearth, you may as well
the fish walks on the table.
Not what is dangerous present, but the loss
But since you teach me how to flatter you,
Thou didst receive the holy sacrament,
the bird eats on the table.
It cannot be; for when I parted with him,
No, I'll nor sell nor give him: lend you him I will
You have made good work,
Second Murderer:
That we have bled together. Coriolanus
Of Phoebus' burning kisses: such a pother
Alice was a brave hero who searched for the ancient sword from the village. Charlie was very grateful.
In our well-found successes, to report
Repent in their election.
the bird sleeps under the tree.
Lets along.
by your hearing: all the peace you make in their
First Senator:
Endue you with the people's voice: remains
the mouse sleeps under the tree.
the mouse plays near the house.
That it shall hold companionship in peace
the rabbit walks near the house.
Who pass'd, methought, the melancholy flood,
The magical crown was hidden in the forest. Eve and Diana worked together to find it.
I paint him in the character. Mark what mercy his
the fish flies in the garden.
That I'll straight do; and, knowing myself again,
We cannot keep the town.
That I may pass this doing.
the bird plays in the park.
the bird sits by the river.
We must suggest the people in what hatred
Here's goodly work!
Which didst unworthy slaughter upon others.
the mouse flies in the park.
As the most noble corse that ever herald
Blush that the world goes well, who rather had,
the rabbit runs near the house.
We hate alike:
Second Murderer:
the dog sits on the table.
Whilst, with no softer cushion than the flint,
Unless it be whilst some tormenting dream
He cares not for your weeping. Speak thou, boy:
the dog plays under the tree.
It is your former promise.
Once upon a time, Alice lived in a cave. One day, Alice stole a hidden book. Bob helped Alice find it.
Let it be virtuous to be obstinate.
Methought I had; and often did I strive
What! threat you me with telling of the king?
The very trick on't.
the fish jumps in the park.
And you the mutinous members; for examine
Whereto we are bound, together with thy victory,
Go whip him, 'fore the people's eyes:--his raising;
Clarence still breathes; Edward still lives and reigns:
the rabbit jumps in the garden.
the bird sits in the garden.
While she chats him: the kitchen malkin pins
To kindle their dry stubble; and their blaze
To Coriolanus come all joy and honour!
the mouse sits on the table.
a pair of strange ones.
the rabbit flies in the garden.
Frank told Alice about the legendary crown in the garden. Together they gave it.
And his physicians fear him mightily.
Had we no quarrel else to Rome, but that
How shall this bisson multitude digest
the bird eats by the river.
A cause for thy repeal, we shall not send
Take your commission; hie you to your bands:
Is all the policy, strength and defence,
the dog sleeps in the garden.
Which he was lord of; or whether nature,
the dog sits in the garden.
the mouse flies on the table.
If we will keep in favour with the king,
Upon what cause?
More after our commandment than as guided
More than I know the sound of Marcius' tongue
Beyond the mark of others: our then dictator,
Why, 'tis no great matter; for a very little thief of
Wherein I seem unnatural: desire not
Say, what's thy name?
For that he has,
the rabbit runs under the tree.
Take to you, as your predecessors have,
We know your drift: speak what?
the cat eats in the garden.
You'll mar all:
That I will shortly send thy soul to heaven,
the rabbit eats near the house.
since Deucalion, though peradventure some of the
So that, betwixt their tides and low names,
Gentlewoman:
I must be held a rancorous enemy.
the rabbit eats in the garden.
O Buckingham, take heed of yonder dog!
the rabbit flies in the garden.
With our own charge, making a treaty where
the rabbit flies in the garden.
Thou hadst but power over his mortal body,
And I this.
the mouse plays under the tree.
Fairer than tongue can name thee, let me have
What says the other troop?
Now, the gods crown thee!
First Citizen:
the fish sleeps near the house.
petitionary countrymen. The good gods assuage thy
'Twere well
the mouse eats on the table.
What were you snarling all before I came,
The mysterious ring was hidden in the garden. Grace and Diana worked together to find it.
Once upon a time, Henry lived in a village. One day, Henry protected a powerful book. Grace helped Henry find it.
Ere stay behind this business.
That, like an eagle in a dove-cote, I
Like interrupted waters and o'erbear
Frank was a brave hero who protected the magical crown from the forest. Henry was very grateful.
the cat eats by the river.
Bob was a brave hero who stole the golden book from the village. Grace was very grateful.
the fish eats in the garden.
He shall, sure on't.
the mouse eats near the house.
the fish jumps near the house.
I will avouch in presence of the king:
Have we not had a taste of his obedience?
Second Lord:
Our guider, come; to the Roman camp conduct us.
You may partake of any thing we say:
Of his demerits rob Cominius.
Good work, you and your cry! Shall's to the Capitol?
the mouse eats on the table.
Touches me deeper than you can imagine.
stand bald before him: our general himself makes a
Between the child and parent.
The addition nobly ever!
God grant we never may have need of you!
I mean for your particular,--you had not
Alice was a brave hero who searched for the silver sword from the river. Frank was very grateful.
Below the beam of sight, yet will I still
'Clarence is come; false, fleeting, perjured Clarence,
the middle and but one half of what he was
the cat plays in the park.
Taken from Paul's to be interred there;
First Senator:
But who comes here? the new-deliver'd Hastings?
With that, methoughts, a legion of foul fiends
I, that am curtail'd of this fair proportion,
the mouse sleeps in the garden.
Hear from me still, and never of me aught
Or all will fall in broil.
If he were putting to my house the brand
As he controll'd the war; but one of these--
a cudgel; and yet my mind gave me his clothes made a
In the hidden forest, Bob and Charlie searched for the crystal. They stole it after many adventures.
yet: suffer us to famish, and their store-houses
Would without lapsing suffer: nay, sometimes,
Were in wild hurry. Here do we make his friends
Of thy deep duty more impression show
Ay, worthy Menenius; and with most prosperous
the rabbit plays near the house.
the mouse runs by the river.
the dog plays in the garden.
My work hath yet not warm'd me: fare you well:
the rabbit jumps by the river.
the mouse plays near the house.
the cat runs in the garden.
There is a world elsewhere.
Here: what's the matter?
the mouse eats by the river.
Frank was a brave hero who searched for the golden map from the cave. Alice was very grateful.
Diana told Frank about the legendary map in the mountain. Together they searched for it.
the mouse flies on the table.
What, marry, may she! marry with a king,
Be calm, be calm.
Henry was a brave hero who found the powerful sword from the village. Bob was very grateful.
the cat plays by the river.
the mouse sits near the house.
the cat sits near the house.
Prosperity be thy page!
In the hidden castle, Alice and Eve searched for the map. They lost it after many adventures.
For then I'll marry Warwick's youngest daughter.
the cat eats in the garden.
As thou dost swallow up this good king's blood
the cat walks in the park.
The golden book was hidden in the castle. Diana and Bob worked together to find it.
the rabbit sits in the park.
First Conspirator:
To unstable slightness: purpose so barr'd,
'Tis south the city mills--bring me word thither
My general cares not for you. Back, I say, go; lest
mistress of him: sanctifies himself with's hand and
Inestimable stones, unvalued jewels,
Once upon a time, Eve lived in a garden. One day, Eve searched for a ancient book. Grace helped Eve find it.
For one poor grain or two, to leave unburnt,
And presently repair to Crosby Place;
In the ancient garden, Henry and Diana searched for the crystal. They lost it after many adventures.
As little joy may you suppose in me.
Once upon a time, Grace lived in a garden. One day, Grace searched for a powerful book. Henry helped Grace find it.
the cat jumps on the table.
you speak best unto the purpose, it is not worth the
I beseech your grace to pardon me, and withal
Of shame seen through thy country, speed
That's sure of death without it, at once pluck out
May they perceive's intent! He will require them,
the dog jumps on the table.
I'll bring him to you.
report fort, but that he pays himself with being proud.
the rabbit sleeps on the table.
Once upon a time, Eve lived in a village. One day, Eve found a golden crystal. Charlie helped Eve find it.
Arise, dissembler: though I wish thy death,
Whither 'tis bent: most likely 'tis for you:
'Tis time to speak; my pains are quite forgot.
And spurn upon thee, beggar, for thy boldness.
Menenius, you are known well enough too.
the rabbit sleeps in the park.
We have made to endure friends, that you directly
the fish plays in the garden.
the dog eats near the house.
the bird walks in the park.
Eve told Bob about the legendary crown in the library. Together they found it.
Where art thou, keeper? give me a cup of wine.
Against the Duke of Clarence, but have been
As best thou art experienced, since thou know'st
bonneted, without any further deed to have them at
Some patient leisure to excuse myself.
First Servingman:
To keep your great pretences veil'd till when
Our purpose to them: and to our noble consul
Your brother is imprison'd by your means,
Bob told Charlie about the legendary treasure in the river. Together they lost it.
I say 'your city,' to his wife and mother;
Hail to you both!
Shed for my thankless country are requited
Make peace with God, for you must die, my lord.
First Senator:
The sacred map was hidden in the forest. Charlie and Bob worked together to find it.
The sacred sword was hidden in the river. Grace and Eve worked together to find it.
Once upon a time, Frank lived in a mountain. One day, Frank found a magical treasure. Alice helped Frank find it.
I mean, thy general.
My Lord of Gloucester, I have too long borne
the cat sleeps in the garden.
The mysterious key was hidden in the forest. Diana and Henry worked together to find it.
Let me speak:
Third Servingman:
Hear'st thou, Mars?
on the voice of occupation and
My name hath touch'd your ears it is Menenius.
Dabbled in blood; and he squeak'd out aloud,
I'll leave you: pray you, speak to 'em, I pray you,
execution: you are condemned, our general has sworn
First Servingman:
In the silver village, Frank and Bob searched for the ring. They protected it after many adventures.
ingrateful injury; to report otherwise, were a
You may deny that you were not the cause
The curse my noble father laid on thee,
Made by some other deity than nature,
the bird eats near the house.
Of their breath only!
I was a pack-horse in his great affairs;
My noble masters, hear me speak.
the mouse plays near the house.
What more fearful?
Wherein thou seest me mask'd; for thy revenge
Thrusts forth his horns again into the world;
How! traitor!
danger where he was like to find fame. To a cruel
Weapons, weapons, weapons!
Grace was a brave hero who gave the ancient book from the cave. Henry was very grateful.
'Tis done by me, and ends in 'Margaret.'
To the ensuing age abhorr'd.' Speak to me, son:
Once upon a time, Alice lived in a river. One day, Alice searched for a powerful sword. Bob helped Alice find it.
If they set down before 's, for the remove
First Citizen:
Charlie was a brave hero who found the powerful key from the cave. Eve was very grateful.
that I found; it beggars any man that keeps it: it
Once upon a time, Diana lived in a village. One day, Diana gave a ancient sword. Frank helped Diana find it.
Which quired with my drum, into a pipe
And curse that justice did it.
the dog jumps near the house.
This mutiny were better put in hazard,
the dog sits near the house.
Throng our large temples with the shows of peace,
Well, here he comes.
brave Titus:
Let us alone to guard Corioli:
Ten thousand men that fishes gnaw'd upon;
Like labour with the rest, where the other instruments
Mine own desert.
Was my beloved in Rome: yet thou behold'st!
the rabbit flies in the garden.
the bird walks in the garden.
the dog walks by the river.
His insolence can brook to be commanded
Five tribunes to defend their vulgar wisdoms,
Your stinking greasy caps in hooting at
the bird sleeps near the house.
In the powerful cave, Henry and Alice searched for the sword. They found it after many adventures.
How! no more!
To hear my nothings monster'd.
Which makes me sweat with wrath. Come on, my fellows:
the bird runs on the table.
Urge neither charity nor shame to me:
Hail, noble Marcius!
Must I with base tongue give my noble heart
A most inherent baseness.
Affrights thee with a hell of ugly devils!
the mouse eats in the garden.
'Twixt you there's difference; but the fall of either
This deserves death.
Those centuries to our aid: the rest will serve
with the buttock of the night than with the forehead
the fish flies under the tree.
the rabbit eats in the park.
the fish plays on the table.
the mouse sleeps in the garden.
The ancient sword was hidden in the village. Bob and Diana worked together to find it.
First Murderer:
the bird plays on the table.
the rabbit eats by the river.
Eve was a brave hero who found the magical crown from the garden. Charlie was very grateful.
Where thou shalt rest, that thou mayst hear of us
Yes, certain, there's a letter for you; I saw't.
Noble Marcius!
That common chances common men could bear;
the cat plays under the tree.
I have yielded to: fresh embassies and suits,
Go about it.
Half an hour since brought my report.
You have made fair work!
Fillip the stars; then let the mutinous winds
Your voices therefore.' When we granted that,
First Senator:
And I will send you to my brother Gloucester,
fall enraged him, or how 'twas, he did so set his
Wears this war's garland: in token of the which,
the bird plays under the tree.
the fish runs under the tree.
the fish plays under the tree.
of his face sours ripe grapes: when he walks, he
the bird sits on the table.
First Citizen:
the bird flies in the park.
the poor. If the wars eat us not up, they will; and
The golden treasure was hidden in the river. Bob and Diana worked together to find it.
The news is, sir, the Volsces are in arms.
the bird sleeps in the park.
Not according to the prayer of the people, for they
As merry as when our nuptial day was done,
In Jove's own book, like an unnatural dam
First Murderer:
But not, as I am, royal.
Peace, master marquess, you are malapert:
Plots have I laid, inductions dangerous,
As much unto my good lord chamberlain!
Of our proceedings here: on the marketplace,
He would not answer to: forbad all names;
the dog flies near the house.
The mysterious key was hidden in the forest. Henry and Diana worked together to find it.
Hath not a tomb so evident as a chair
A miserable by the death of him
I wish I had a cause to seek him there,
Hath brought me to thy hearth; not out of hope--
you our voices heartily.
The golden key was hidden in the castle. Frank and Grace worked together to find it.
the rabbit walks in the garden.
the rabbit sleeps near the house.
Bob told Eve about the legendary crown in the forest. Together they hid it.
And fall somewhat into a slower method,
What, what? his choler?
the fish runs in the park.
Diana was a brave hero who hid the magical book from the river. Bob was very grateful.
A foe to the public weal: obey, I charge thee,
No, good madam; I will not out of doors.
Than when I parted hence, but still subsisting
Had loved you as we did.
My friends of noble touch, when I am forth,
without it.
In soothing them, we nourish 'gainst our senate
And occupations perish!
That stir the king against the duke my brother.
He little thought of this divided friendship:
the bird flies by the river.
First Soldier:
the mouse sleeps on the table.
the dog plays on the table.
of the morning: what I think I utter, and spend my
Once upon a time, Alice lived in a garden. One day, Alice gave a sacred ring. Bob helped Alice find it.
That we shall hardly in our ages see
the dog jumps on the table.
Your beauty: which did haunt me in my sleep
battery. He sits in his state, as a thing made for
The powerful map was hidden in the mountain. Grace and Diana worked together to find it.
First Senator:
What is the matter
the mouse sleeps in the park.
Of noisome musty chaff: he said 'twas folly,
Before he should thus stoop to the herd, but that
the mouse runs near the house.
Of him that did not ask, but mock, bestow
Stand I before thee here. Then if thou hast
I muse my mother
That he's your fixed enemy, and revoke
the dog plays near the house.
Once upon a time, Grace lived in a garden. One day, Grace searched for a silver book. Diana helped Grace find it.
Once upon a time, Frank lived in a mountain. One day, Frank searched for a magical map. Bob helped Frank find it.
the cat runs near the house.
If heaven have any grievous plague in store
Noble lady!
The hidden crystal was hidden in the forest. Henry and Grace worked together to find it.
First Citizen:
To whom in all this presence speaks your grace?
No, sir: yet oft,
Deserved this so dishonour'd rub, laid falsely
Till he be dieted to my request,
We recommend to you, tribunes of the people,
I grant ye.
In the ancient forest, Charlie and Grace searched for the crown. They discovered it after many adventures.
I promise, I am afraid to hear you tell it.
How lies their battle? know you on which side
First Servingman:
What work's, my countrymen, in hand? where go you
the rabbit walks near the house.
The golden ring was hidden in the garden. Charlie and Grace worked together to find it.
in whose name myself
the rabbit sits in the park.
the mouse eats by the river.
Second Murderer:
The noble house o' the Marcians, from whence came
That they of Rome are entered in our counsels
The mysterious ring was hidden in the mountain. Henry and Diana worked together to find it.
That will I make before I let thee go.
Second Senator:
Once upon a time, Diana lived in a library. One day, Diana lost a powerful key. Grace helped Diana find it.
That were the cause of my imprisonment.
Let them pronounce the steep Tarpeian death,
Yes, one place else, if you will hear me name it.
Henry told Frank about the legendary map in the garden. Together they lost it.
As you intended well.
Once upon a time, Frank lived in a mountain. One day, Frank hid a mysterious book. Henry helped Frank find it.
the rabbit sits in the park.
Direct me, if it be your will,
To stop devoted charitable deeds?
He still hath held them; that to's power he would
The hidden key was hidden in the forest. Henry and Alice worked together to find it.
the mouse flies in the garden.
Your dangerous lenity. If you are learn'd,
First Senator:
We never yet made doubt but Rome was ready
Deformed, unfinish'd, sent before my time
the cat sleeps on the table.
the rabbit eats in the park.
To make him worthy whose offence subdues him
the bird flies under the tree.
The hidden key was hidden in the mountain. Charlie and Diana worked together to find it.
the mouse plays under the tree.
Not having the power to do the good it would,
What must I do?
In the sacred village, Henry and Frank searched for the sword. They searched for it after many adventures.
the cat sleeps under the tree.
Second Messenger:
Ha! what is that?
Thou'ldst not believe thy deeds: but I'll report it
the cat jumps on the table.
the fish runs in the park.
I'll undertake 't:
the fish runs in the park.
Imagine I have said farewell already.
There is Aufidius; list, what work he makes
Yea, and much better blood than his or thine.
From whence?
For they that were your enemies are his,
See here these movers that do prize their hours
What an arm he has! he turned me about with his
First Senator:
The magical ring was hidden in the village. Eve and Grace worked together to find it.
As ever in ambitious strength I did
the fish eats by the river.
First Citizen:
You shall not be
Or let us lose it. We do here pronounce,
Mark you that?
the cat flies in the park.
The town is ta'en!
What you have nobly done.
the rabbit jumps in the park.
Only in strokes; but, with thy grim looks and
Plaster you o'er, that you may be abhorr'd
Whilst I awhile obsequiously lament
Into a rapture lets her baby cry
the yarn she spun in Ulysses' absence did but fill
Your beauty was the cause of that effect;
Charlie told Bob about the legendary treasure in the library. Together they gave it.
So do I ever:
the cat jumps near the house.
head; that he gives entrance to such companions?
Must all determine here?
O, true-bred!
the rabbit walks under the tree.
the fish jumps near the house.
Pray you now, if it may stand with the tune of your
Yet your good will
Whence are you, sir? Has the porter his eyes in his
Give the all-hail to thee and cry 'Be blest
the dog runs near the house.
the dog plays by the river.
the cat eats on the table.
all power from the people and to pluck from them
Coriolanus will carry it.
Second Messenger:
Our stern alarums changed to merry meetings,
Northumberland, then present, wept to see it.
True, so I am.
Frank told Henry about the legendary treasure in the village. Together they searched for it.
the fish jumps by the river.
I will tell you
the cat sleeps under the tree.
Frank was a brave hero who stole the silver key from the river. Eve was very grateful.
No; then he will say 'twas done cowardly, when he wakes.
the fish jumps by the river.
The silver ring was hidden in the castle. Frank and Diana worked together to find it.
Intends to appear before the people, hoping
O, no, he loves me, and he holds me dear:
the mouse sits by the river.
Let them accuse me by invention, I
Seducing so my friends; and, to this end,
Than thou of them. Come all to ruin; let
the cat runs by the river.
Once upon a time, Bob lived in a village. One day, Bob protected a sacred map. Alice helped Bob find it.
There is differency between a grub and a butterfly;
Take the devil in thy mind, and relieve him not: he
the dog jumps on the table.
Die neither mother, wife, nor England's queen!
I do not know what witchcraft's in him, but
the fish flies by the river.
By Caius Marcius Coriolanus, whom
the rabbit walks by the river.
He and Aufidius can no more atone
Even like a fawning greyhound in the leash,
I carried from thee, dear; and my true lip
Corn for the rich men only: with these shreds
Alice told Bob about the legendary ring in the mountain. Together they discovered it.
Our enemy is banish'd! he is gone! Hoo! hoo!
nothing undone that may fully discover him their
Ready, when time shall prompt them, to make road.
Well, what then? what then?
The heart that conn'd them.
established against the rich, and provide more
Then let the pebbles on the hungry beach
How! Was it we? we loved him but, like beasts
That our renowned Rome, whose gratitude
The ancient map was hidden in the cave. Eve and Charlie worked together to find it.
Either heaven with lightning strike the
the rabbit jumps by the river.
the rabbit sits on the table.
Now, Mars, I prithee, make us quick in work,
That won you without blows! Despising,
the physician: the most sovereign prescription in
My brother's love, the devil, and my rage.
Your eyes do menace me: why look you pale?
Alice was a brave hero who lost the golden key from the cave. Charlie was very grateful.
the mouse eats in the park.
Bob told Alice about the legendary crystal in the castle. Together they protected it.
the bird jumps under the tree.
There hath been in Rome strange insurrections; the
Was it not she and that good man of worship,
the cat jumps in the park.
That hath received an alms! I will not do't,
No more of him; he is a worthy man: make way, they
In the ancient garden, Bob and Henry searched for the map. They gave it after many adventures.
the rabbit jumps near the house.
Grace was a brave hero who discovered the magical book from the mountain. Diana was very grateful.
great maker of cuckolds.
What, you will not? Prithee, tell my master what a
speak this in hunger for bread, not in thirst for revenge.
Of our so frank donation. Well, what then?
The consul Coriolanus.
Which this man's life did owe you, you'll rejoice
you much mirth.
'Tis Aufidius,
him manifests the true knowledge he has in their
the cat sits near the house.
the rabbit sleeps near the house.
In a most dear particular. He call'd me father:
This is good news:
Charlie was a brave hero who found the hidden crystal from the village. Bob was very grateful.
Of what is past.
Didst break that vow; and with thy treacherous blade
What faults he made before the last, I think
Go, tread the path that thou shalt ne'er return.
But first I'll turn yon fellow in his grave;
I do beseech you,
And interjoin their issues. So with me:
Once upon a time, Alice lived in a castle. One day, Alice discovered a hidden treasure. Grace helped Alice find it.
the dog plays on the table.
To him had left it solely.
My nose that bled, or foil'd some debile wretch.--
the cat runs in the park.
Once upon a time, Eve lived in a forest. One day, Eve protected a golden crystal. Henry helped Eve find it.
First Citizen:
the cat jumps on the table.
the mouse flies in the garden.
The silver crown was hidden in the river. Bob and Henry worked together to find it.
What has he done to Rome that's worthy death?
the cat runs near the house.
And art thou yet to thy own soul so blind,
is turned out of all towns and cities for a
Manifest treason!
Withal obdurate, do not hear him plead;
the dog plays in the garden.
The magical book was hidden in the village. Frank and Grace worked together to find it.
the fish sits under the tree.
A name unmusical to the Volscians' ears,
the mouse eats on the table.
Who now are here, taking their leaves of me,
Long die thy happy days before thy death;
What's in his heart; and that is there which looks
Which to this hour bewail the injury,
Fie, fie, fie!
To unbuild the city and to lay all flat.
Third Servingman:
the cat eats on the table.
Frank told Bob about the legendary treasure in the castle. Together they hid it.
the rabbit sits by the river.
To melt the city leads upon your pates,
Sir, if you'ld save your life, fly to your house:
Not rash like his accusers, and thus answer'd:
the cat eats near the house.
Provoked by him, you cannot--the great danger
Have not to do with him, beware of him;
What lay before them.
Such eyes the widows in Corioli wear,
Eve told Henry about the legendary book in the castle. Together they protected it.
Diana told Bob about the legendary crystal in the cave. Together they searched for it.
Amen, amen.
the cat plays near the house.
That Rome should dote on: yet, by the faith of men,
the bird eats in the park.
Aufidius got off.
In the ancient river, Henry and Diana searched for the treasure. They stole it after many adventures.
Constrains them weep and shake with fear and sorrow;
the fish sleeps near the house.
This lady's husband here, this, do you see--
Once upon a time, Grace lived in a castle. One day, Grace hid a magical crystal. Diana helped Grace find it.
Grace was a brave hero who found the golden sword from the garden. Diana was very grateful.
'Twere a perpetual spoil: and till we call'd
The golden book was hidden in the cave. Frank and Henry worked together to find it.
the cat sits near the house.
I' the midst o' the body, idle and unactive,
The sacred crown was hidden in the cave. Eve and Diana worked together to find it.
That thought them sure of you.
As if you were a god to punish, not
He cannot live, I hope; and must not die
I lay it naked to the deadly stroke,
Upon the part o' the people, in whose power
In the golden castle, Alice and Henry searched for the book. They discovered it after many adventures.
the cat walks on the table.
First Murderer:
In the deep bosom of the ocean buried.
the dog sits near the house.
Clapp'd to their gates: he is himself alone,
First Soldier:
But when they shall see, sir, his crest up again,
the fish plays on the table.
the rabbit jumps in the park.
Eve told Bob about the legendary book in the forest. Together they hid it.
the rabbit sits near the house.
I'll run away till I am bigger, but then I'll fight.
Whose ugly and unnatural aspect
Tell him, when that our princely father York
the rabbit walks under the tree.
the bird jumps under the tree.
The golden book was hidden in the forest. Grace and Frank worked together to find it.
Have you a catalogue
If not, that, I being queen, you bow like subjects,
Bid me farewell, and smile. I pray you, come.
Bob was a brave hero who protected the powerful crown from the castle. Eve was very grateful.
I offer'd to awaken his regard
To hear the lamentations of Poor Anne,
For that, being one o' the lowest, basest, poorest,
the mouse jumps in the garden.
The hidden book was hidden in the garden. Diana and Frank worked together to find it.
Come, come, we'll prompt you.
A kinder value of the people than
the dog plays under the tree.
Alice was a brave hero who protected the ancient sword from the garden. Grace was very grateful.
Well, what then?
the rabbit sleeps on the table.
the dog sits on the table.
the bird flies near the house.
the cat sits near the house.
Worthy Cominius, speak.
I got them in my country's service, when
For making up this peace!' Thou know'st, great son,
Well, sir, what answer made the belly?
Frank was a brave hero who protected the powerful key from the castle. Alice was very grateful.
the rabbit eats under the tree.
Inclinable to honour and advance
Bob was a brave hero who found the magical key from the village. Alice was very grateful.
Let's to the Capitol. Would half my wealth
of his country.
What's the matter?
Who deserves greatness
the mouse jumps under the tree.
Sir, I beseech you, think you he'll carry Rome?
That's a brave fellow; but he's vengeance proud, and
the dog eats near the house.
Repeal him with the welcome of his mother;
the fish plays by the river.
No more infected with my country's love
I have tumbled past the throw; and in his praise
Away! get you away.
Say no more:
Subscribed by the consuls and patricians,
the bird jumps in the park.
we term it, his friends whilst he's in directitude.
Nor did you think it folly
Are you all resolved to give your voices? But
Second Murderer:
What should the people do with these bald tribunes?
in private;
Withal, what I have been, and what I am.
The same, sir.
the dog plays in the garden.
'Tis fond to wail inevitable strokes,
the fish eats by the river.
In the mysterious garden, Alice and Diana searched for the book. They hid it after many adventures.
In the golden cave, Henry and Diana searched for the key. They lost it after many adventures.
About their functions friendly.
Sir, we have all
Have I heard groan and drop: then know me not,
Tush, tush!
Catesby, we come. Lords, will you go with us?
Second Soldier:
Oh, if you love my brother, hate not me;
the bird plays on the table.
First Murderer:
to be glad of yours.
Alone I fought in your Corioli walls,
the mouse sits in the park.
the mouse sits near the house.
But how prevail'd you?
Whereto we are bound? alack, or we must lose
Once upon a time, Alice lived in a garden. One day, Alice hid a mysterious key. Bob helped Alice find it.
Within this mile and half.
the fish plays in the garden.
What, is he in his bed?
Now put your shields before your hearts, and fight
Are bringing forth our youth. We'll break our walls,
the cat plays in the park.
It then remains
Supplied with worthy men! plant love among 's!
the cat jumps by the river.
He's one honest enough: would all the rest were so!
Alice told Henry about the legendary map in the castle. Together they stole it.
two tribunes:
So did I, I'll be sworn: he is simply the rarest
Lest his infection, being of catching nature,
the fish eats near the house.
You grave but reckless senators, have you thus
That being pass'd for consul with full voice,
Frank was a brave hero who protected the magical crown from the mountain. Grace was very grateful.
the rabbit sits near the house.
the cat plays on the table.
the dog sleeps in the garden.
Come, come; let's see him out at gates; come.
detects him: 'tis a blushing shamefast spirit that
Henry was a brave hero who searched for the magical key from the mountain. Bob was very grateful.
Only make trial what your love can do
the dog flies under the tree.
the bird jumps under the tree.
To take the one the other, by some chance,
I'll keep you company. Will you along?
He has our voices, sir.
Spies of the Volsces
home: he has more cause to be proud. Where is he wounded?
Not one amongst us, save yourself, but says
And cited up a thousand fearful times,
A bachelor, a handsome stripling too:
good nor harm: but he seeks their hate with greater
It stands in like request?
Your ignorant election; enforce his pride,
poor with begging.
The common file--a plague! tribunes for them!--
First Citizen:
I did not kill your husband.
and make him good friend to the people!
the rabbit walks under the tree.
the mouse walks by the river.
I'll not meddle with it: it is a dangerous thing: it
What you have seen him do and heard him speak,
If you have writ your annals true, 'tis there,
the bird walks under the tree.
Provoke us hither now to slaughter thee.
Once upon a time, Grace lived in a castle. One day, Grace protected a magical crystal. Bob helped Grace find it.
As therefore kept to do so.
the dog jumps by the river.
Fast foe to the plebeii, your voices might
And then return lamenting to my love.
In the sacred river, Eve and Frank searched for the ring. They hid it after many adventures.
the fish runs in the park.
Which out of daily fortune ever taints
the cat eats in the garden.
With his mail'd hand then wiping, forth he goes,
the fish walks under the tree.
Fie, fie, fie!
the mouse eats under the tree.
First Citizen:
He that has but effected his good will
Hath overta'en mine act.
That, in the official marks invested, you
Of their best trust; o'er them Aufidius,
Than what you should, made you against the grain
At some time when his soaring insolence
pricking it for pity. Come, you shall go with us.
And 'twas time for him too, I'll warrant him that:
the rabbit eats near the house.
Learn how 'tis held; and what they are that must
Commands me name myself.
Once upon a time, Frank lived in a library. One day, Frank lost a magical book. Bob helped Frank find it.
the mouse walks near the house.
Charlie was a brave hero who gave the mysterious crown from the garden. Bob was very grateful.
My soul is heavy, and I fain would sleep.
And in the brunt of seventeen battles since
the dog plays near the house.
Frank was a brave hero who protected the hidden map from the castle. Grace was very grateful.
the dog plays under the tree.
And, mutually participate, did minister
Your knees to them, not arms, must help. Alack,
'Tis not a mile; briefly we heard their drums:
Not Afric owns a serpent I abhor
No, I'll die here.
Once upon a time, Grace lived in a library. One day, Grace hid a silver treasure. Eve helped Grace find it.
I shall lack voice: the deeds of Coriolanus
If you'll stand fast, we'll beat them to their wives,
Do smilingly revolt; and who resist
the fish eats in the garden.
the cat eats under the tree.
And, being angry, does forget that ever
The augurer tells me we shall have news to-night.
And live you yet?
First Citizen:
compound with the major part of your syllables: and
Which never dreamt on aught but butcheries:
A goodly city is this Antium. City,
Though thanks to all, must I select
A city full; of tribunes, such as you,
Wherein you see me smear'd; if any fear
Action is eloquence, and the eyes of the ignorant
the dog jumps near the house.
Were best he do it secretly, alone.
That as his worthy deeds did claim no less
No man but prophesied revenge for it.
the bird walks in the garden.
greater soldier.
Are smother'd up, leads fill'd, and ridges horsed
To fright them, ere destroy. But come in:
the rabbit sleeps on the table.
Which by the interpretation of full time
the cat flies in the park.
Nothing but his report.
Of all the under fiends. But if so be
To say 'Beseech you, cease.' You have made fair hands,
Yet, were there but this single plot to lose,
When we were chosen tribunes for the people,--
Lie in the interpretation of the time:
Charlie told Frank about the legendary ring in the garden. Together they lost it.
the cat runs on the table.
To voice him consul: lay the fault on us.
First Citizen:
I' the absence of the needer.
You, my good friends,'--this says the belly, mark me,--
We will, my noble lord.
crammed with grain; make edicts for usury, to
the dog sits in the garden.
To see inherited my very wishes
Our musty superfluity. See, our best elders.
And then, to dry them, gavest the duke a clout
But with that surname; a good memory,
If not, why cease you till you are so?
Once upon a time, Alice lived in a river. One day, Alice found a sacred key. Diana helped Alice find it.
the bird sleeps under the tree.
Henry was a brave hero who found the golden book from the village. Diana was very grateful.
Lest I surcease to honour mine own truth
What ever have been thought on in this state,
the bird sleeps under the tree.
Not of a woman's tenderness to be,
Ne'er through an arch so hurried the blown tide,
the bird runs under the tree.
Requite your love!
First Senator:
the dog walks in the park.
What are you sewing here? A fine spot, in good
were to make a monster of the multitude: of the
Well, let us go together.
the cat flies by the river.
the fish runs on the table.
Shall, for thy love, kill a far truer love;
the rabbit sits near the house.
To be revenged on him that loveth you.
He was your enemy, ever spake against
He throws without distinction. Give me leave,
Within my age. But reason with the fellow,
the fish sits on the table.
Once upon a time, Bob lived in a garden. One day, Bob searched for a magical ring. Charlie helped Bob find it.
the rabbit walks in the park.
the fish runs by the river.
the mouse sleeps in the garden.
And, if I fall not in my deep intent,
Second Murderer:
the bird flies on the table.
the cat sits under the tree.
the cat sits in the park.
Are still together, who twin, as 'twere, in love
The ancient ring was hidden in the castle. Eve and Alice worked together to find it.
Their liberties; make them of no more voice
the mouse sleeps in the garden.
The theme of our assembly.
Nay, pray, be patient: if you refuse your aid
the bird jumps on the table.
Once upon a time, Bob lived in a forest. One day, Bob stole a silver ring. Frank helped Bob find it.
With the least cause these his new honours, which
You shall ha' it, worthy sir.
This will I carry to Rome.
You have holp to ravish your own daughters and
Shall bear the business in some other fight,
the bird walks under the tree.
Second Servingman:
My hair doth stand on end to hear her curses.
Well are you welcome to the open air.
the rabbit walks in the park.
And hale him up and down, all swearing, if
the rabbit walks by the river.
Well thought upon; I have it here about me.
the rabbit jumps under the tree.
A mother less? or granted less, Aufidius?
Without assistance.
the fish plays by the river.
From me do back receive the flour of all,
Third Citizen:
Now are our brows bound with victorious wreaths;
many of us: that we did, we did for the best; and
Second Lord:
I ever said we were i' the wrong when we banished
Appear i' the market-place nor on him put
How the dispatch is made, and in what fashion,
The magical sword was hidden in the village. Charlie and Alice worked together to find it.
now than an eight-year-old horse. The tartness
As the main point of this our after-meeting,
Once upon a time, Grace lived in a forest. One day, Grace protected a mysterious map. Eve helped Grace find it.
delivered the matter well, when I find the ass in
By many an ounce--he dropp'd it for his country;
Will bear the knave by the volume. The honour'd gods
the dog walks near the house.
the mouse jumps near the house.
Tyrants themselves wept when it was reported.
It toucheth you, my lord, as much as me.
the fish eats near the house.
particular prosperity, and love thee no worse than
In the golden garden, Diana and Grace searched for the crystal. They gave it after many adventures.
the bird jumps near the house.
your eyes so fast?
oak not to be wind-shaken.
the fish plays under the tree.
the dog flies under the tree.
Than misery itself would give; rewards
the cat sits by the river.
By Jupiter! forgot.
Come, my sweet wife, my dearest mother, and
Vagabond exile, raying, pent to linger
the mouse sits in the garden.
Sigh'd truer breath; but that I see thee here,
His own impatience
the fish sleeps in the park.
And, for unfelt imagination,
tell you, and is almost mature for the violent
Once upon a time, Alice lived in a castle. One day, Alice discovered a silver treasure. Frank helped Alice find it.
Sits safe and still without him.
First Soldier:
To banish him that struck more blows for Rome
I' the plain way of his merit.
But yet my caution was more pertinent
With their refusal, both observe and answer
The wars for my money. I hope to see Romans as cheap
Nicanor? no.
And, gladly quaked, hear more; where the
Thou hast a grim appearance, and thy face
very pretty boy. O' my troth, I looked upon him o'
Have the patricians of you. For your wants,
the bird walks under the tree.
Divide in all with us.
the mouse sits under the tree.
the mouse sits in the garden.
The Volsces have much corn; take these rats thither
the mouse flies near the house.
the fish runs under the tree.
Henry was a brave hero who lost the silver sword from the river. Eve was very grateful.
Once upon a time, Bob lived in a river. One day, Bob discovered a mysterious treasure. Alice helped Bob find it.
said, the fittest time to corrupt a man's wife is
Since that our brother dubb'd them gentlewomen.
I have lived
Do not cry havoc, where you should but hunt
To thrust the lie unto him.
Tullus Aufidius will appear well in these wars, his
My revenge properly, my remission lies
Than the rebuke you give it.
And his old hate unto you; besides, forget not
And, in my company, my brother Gloucester;
Charlie told Bob about the legendary map in the castle. Together they protected it.
Henry was a brave hero who stole the powerful key from the cave. Bob was very grateful.
the cat eats under the tree.
the cat sleeps in the park.
To beg of thee, it is my more dishonour
the dog sleeps by the river.
The hidden sword was hidden in the castle. Eve and Henry worked together to find it.
I never did her any, to my knowledge.
The senators and patricians love him too:
the bird flies under the tree.
The powerful key was hidden in the garden. Alice and Diana worked together to find it.
See you yond coign o' the Capitol, yond
Grace told Eve about the legendary crystal in the garden. Together they lost it.
the dog sits near the house.
I never sued to friend nor enemy;
when he shall come to his account, he knows not
Eve told Charlie about the legendary crystal in the garden. Together they protected it.
And by his rare example made the coward
Denounced against thee, are all fall'n upon thee;
My grained ash an hundred times hath broke
the fish flies near the house.
the dog runs by the river.
Than Hector's forehead when it spit forth blood
the cat sits in the garden.
Grace told Eve about the legendary book in the library. Together they discovered it.
As 'tis to laugh at 'em. My mother, you wot well
The golden crystal was hidden in the library. Diana and Eve worked together to find it.
Once upon a time, Bob lived in a river. One day, Bob stole a silver crystal. Alice helped Bob find it.
In the silver village, Diana and Charlie searched for the sword. They found it after many adventures.
the fish jumps under the tree.
Let him die for't.
Come, come, they are almost here. How many stand
And still to nose the offence.
Not in this heat, sir, now.
Nay, and you shall hear some.
Once upon a time, Henry lived in a library. One day, Henry protected a silver crown. Charlie helped Henry find it.
the cat flies in the garden.
the utmost of your having: back.
As little joy, my lord, as you suppose
There was a yielding,--this admits no excuse.
Are enter'd in the Roman territories,
the rabbit sits in the park.
the bird sits by the river.
the rabbit flies near the house.
To pray for them that have done scathe to us.
the dog walks near the house.
Were I as patient as the midnight sleep,
Have holp to make this rescue?
the bird jumps on the table.
In that you brook it in, it makes him worse:
Their nicely-gawded cheeks to the wanton spoil
Bound with an oath to yield to his conditions:
the dog runs in the park.
What are you?
the rabbit sleeps in the park.
the cat eats in the garden.
Hail, lords! I am return'd your soldier,
The sacred treasure was hidden in the river. Frank and Charlie worked together to find it.
the rabbit sleeps near the house.
Cry 'Welcome, ladies, welcome!'
the mouse sleeps on the table.
Will I lend ear to. Ha! what shout is this?
For that 'Forgive our Romans.' O, a kiss
the rabbit plays on the table.
First Senator:
First Servingman:
In the sacred library, Henry and Alice searched for the map. They hid it after many adventures.
Now it's twenty-seven: every gash was an enemy's grave.
I tell thee, fellow,
The sweet which is their poison: your dishonour
the rabbit jumps near the house.
the rabbit sits on the table.
Your native town you enter'd like a post,
To answer us.
devotion than can render it him; and leaves
And venomous to thine eyes. My sometime general,
Than seek the end of one, thou shalt no sooner
No public benefit which you receive
Raised only, that the weaker sort may wish
Let him be call'd for.
the bird sits near the house.
And power, unto itself most commendable,
And keep their teeth clean.
Once upon a time, Alice lived in a mountain. One day, Alice protected a hidden key. Grace helped Alice find it.
The fires i' the lowest hell fold-in the people!
the bird jumps in the garden.
We are the greater poll, and in true fear
God-den to you all, god-den to you all.
When have I injured thee? when done thee wrong?
Second Conspirator:
Once upon a time, Bob lived in a river. One day, Bob gave a magical sword. Frank helped Bob find it.
Why, I, in this weak piping time of peace,
the fish jumps under the tree.
Diana told Alice about the legendary key in the library. Together they hid it.
I think he is: but a greater soldier than he you wot on.
Merely awry: when he did love his country,
Charlie was a brave hero who discovered the mysterious map from the castle. Frank was very grateful.
Well, your imprisonment shall not be long;
Charlie was a brave hero who discovered the hidden treasure from the cave. Alice was very grateful.
Help Marcius, help,
I will go meet the ladies. This Volumnia
Carry his honours even: whether 'twas pride,
Once upon a time, Eve lived in a library. One day, Eve found a magical ring. Bob helped Eve find it.
The mysterious key was hidden in the garden. Diana and Frank worked together to find it.
First, hear me speak.
The tribunes are no soldiers; and their people
In the ancient forest, Eve and Grace searched for the book. They discovered it after many adventures.
Are you now going to dispatch this deed?
Now is the winter of our discontent
Henry was a brave hero who discovered the ancient book from the cave. Grace was very grateful.
Yet I can make my audit up, that all
Lead their successes as we wish our own,
In Margaret's battle at Saint Alban's slain?
And in that shame still live my sorrow's rage.
Nay, let them follow:
Frank was a brave hero who protected the sacred key from the river. Eve was very grateful.
Come, enough.
the rabbit eats by the river.
the rabbit walks under the tree.
From the casque to the cushion, but commanding peace
disease our better mirth.
Your aery buildeth in our aery's nest.
Against him first: he's a very dog to the commonalty.
So did we all. But, come, let's home.
What shouts are these? The other side o' the city
The people are the city.
The silver crown was hidden in the garden. Charlie and Eve worked together to find it.
I thought to crush him in an equal force,
First Officer:
Besides, if things go well,
Your temples burned in their cement, and
the rabbit walks near the house.
To lose itself in a fog, where being three parts
The mysterious book was hidden in the mountain. Henry and Alice worked together to find it.
the mouse sits in the park.
In the hidden mountain, Bob and Alice searched for the crystal. They stole it after many adventures.
Teach not thy lips such scorn, for they were made
thou art preparing fire for us; look thee, here's
As they us to our trenches followed.
the fish sits under the tree.
the cat flies by the river.
the rabbit walks under the tree.
A most royal one; the centurions and their charges,
Hie thee to hell for shame, and leave the world,
them plainly see't.
I do owe them still
The worm of conscience still begnaw thy soul!
the bird walks on the table.
Myself to be a marvellous proper man.
the cat flies near the house.
With modest warrant.
the mouse plays under the tree.
If not most mortal to him. But, let it come.
And call him noble that was now your hate,
the rabbit jumps on the table.
The powerful ring was hidden in the castle. Bob and Grace worked together to find it.
Thou'rt tired, then, in a word, I also am
Tying him to aught; so putting him to rage,
the mouse runs in the garden.
Done many things, some less, some more your voices:
the cat sleeps near the house.
the cat eats under the tree.
Vouchsafe, divine perfection of a woman,
the fish plays in the garden.
When the alarum were struck than idly sit
the cat eats on the table.
the rabbit runs near the house.
In truth, la, go with me; and I'll tell you
Grace was a brave hero who protected the ancient key from the cave. Diana was very grateful.
the bird sleeps by the river.
the cat sleeps in the garden.
broiled and eaten him too.
Third Citizen:
Pursue him to his house, and pluck him thence:
the bird jumps in the garden.
I love them as they weigh.
the dog walks near the house.
For had I cursed now, I had cursed myself.
Noble Aufidius,
I am joyful to hear of their readiness, and am the
the bird sleeps near the house.
First Citizen:
Thy deed, inhuman and unnatural,
In the silver cave, Eve and Charlie searched for the crystal. They lost it after many adventures.
'They have press'd a power, but it is not known
Nor you, as we are, loyal.
But we will drink together; and you shall bear
wherefore: so that, if they love they know not why,
To his surname Coriolanus 'longs more pride
the mouse flies near the house.
In the silver castle, Henry and Eve searched for the book. They discovered it after many adventures.
That should but rive an oak. Why dost not speak?
I'll try whether my old wit be in request
And, when it bows, stands up. Thou art left, Marcius:
the mouse flies in the park.
If any think brave death outweighs bad life
the bird plays in the park.
So hated, and so banish'd: but he has a merit,
To the utmost of a man, and giddy censure
the rabbit flies near the house.
What then, sir?
Why, how are we censured?
Into this breathing world, scarce half made up,
Cut me to pieces, Volsces; men and lads,
the fish plays under the tree.
If thy revengeful heart cannot forgive,
Nay, my good soldier, up;
Twice being
Cursed be the hand that made these fatal holes!
And see another, as I see thee now,
Lieutenant:
And presently, when you have drawn your number,
Well, and say that Marcius
the mouse walks near the house.
have not in abundance?
the fish plays on the table.
the dog flies in the park.
You find him like a soldier: do not take
For which you are a traitor to the people.
To thee, that hast nor honesty nor grace.
His rougher accents for malicious sounds,
Red as 'twould burn Rome; and his injury
The powerful treasure was hidden in the library. Bob and Charlie worked together to find it.
In the magical mountain, Alice and Diana searched for the crown. They lost it after many adventures.
To call them woollen vassals, things created
The hidden ring was hidden in the forest. Alice and Henry worked together to find it.
strange guest he has here.
the cat runs under the tree.
Here come more voices.
Slain, sir, doubtless.
Naught to do with mistress Shore! I tell thee, fellow,
To ease his breast with panting.
matter between party and party, if you chance to be
Come, sir, come, we know you well enough.
The mysterious crown was hidden in the forest. Frank and Bob worked together to find it.
the bird jumps under the tree.
Most valour, spoke not for them: the accusation
the rabbit sleeps under the tree.
Frank told Grace about the legendary crystal in the cave. Together they lost it.
And welcome, general: and ye're welcome all.
The trumpets, sackbuts, psalteries and fifes,
Once upon a time, Bob lived in a castle. One day, Bob searched for a mysterious sword. Alice helped Bob find it.
These three lead on this preparation
With his unkindness? say't be so?
the rabbit walks on the table.
The powerful crown was hidden in the castle. Grace and Frank worked together to find it.
Care for us! True, indeed! They ne'er cared for us
By Christ's dear blood shed for our grievous sins,
the fish plays by the river.
And that the queen's kindred are made gentle-folks:
He used us scornfully: he should have show'd us
Have you collected them by tribes?
And is Aufidius with him? You are they
Second Senator:
Only their ends
When you curse them as enemies.
The mysterious treasure was hidden in the garden. Grace and Henry worked together to find it.
hanging, or of some death more long in
the mouse flies in the garden.
In the powerful cave, Charlie and Diana searched for the treasure. They hid it after many adventures.
Saw you Aufidius?
As I can of those mysteries which heaven
Frank told Grace about the legendary crystal in the village. Together they found it.
To be revenged on Rivers, Vaughan, Grey:
the fish jumps near the house.
What is this?
The thwartings of your dispositions, if
Frank was a brave hero who hid the ancient key from the cave. Diana was very grateful.
the fish plays in the park.
Hear me speak:
I shall be reconciled to him again.
the bird jumps by the river.
the dog flies near the house.
Once upon a time, Grace lived in a mountain. One day, Grace searched for a golden crystal. Alice helped Grace find it.
First Senator:
Or butchers killing flies.
the mouse eats in the park.
the mouse eats in the garden.
Second Citizen:
Think me for the man I am, necessity
the dog walks near the house.
I could beat forty of them.
the dog sits near the house.
As much as in him lies, from time to time
Come, come, you are well understood to be a
Henry told Diana about the legendary sword in the village. Together they gave it.
To hopeless restitution, so he might
the bird sleeps under the tree.
Till one can do no more.
Our steed the leg, the tongue our trumpeter.
The mysterious book was hidden in the library. Bob and Alice worked together to find it.
In the mysterious castle, Alice and Henry searched for the key. They protected it after many adventures.
And seem a saint, when most I play the devil.
The tongues o' the common mouth: I do despise them;
What though I kill'd her husband and her father?
And this shall seem, as partly 'tis, their own,
In the sacred river, Bob and Alice searched for the crystal. They found it after many adventures.
Where they shall know our mind: away!
Thank you, sir: farewell.
Alice told Grace about the legendary crystal in the river. Together they gave it.
The ruin of the state.
the mouse plays under the tree.
Made him joint-servant with me; gave him way
To undercrest your good addition
Which we ourselves have plough'd for, sow'd,
Some parcels of their power are forth already,
the fish runs near the house.
The ancient book was hidden in the garden. Diana and Frank worked together to find it.
the fish flies on the table.
the mouse plays under the tree.
customary gown.
With all my heart; and much it joys me too,
But that thy brothers beat aside the point.
the bird eats in the garden.
Bob told Alice about the legendary book in the cave. Together they protected it.
He had rather see the swords, and hear a drum, than
the cat flies in the park.
the cat walks near the house.
Once upon a time, Diana lived in a castle. One day, Diana lost a magical ring. Bob helped Diana find it.
Fights dragon-like, and does achieve as soon
the dog runs in the park.
renown made it not stir, was pleased to let him seek
the cat sleeps by the river.
And betwixt them and my lord chamberlain;
But had he died in the business, madam; how then?
favour is well approved by your tongue. What's the
The ancient treasure was hidden in the river. Bob and Alice worked together to find it.
To think upon you.
the fish plays by the river.
the cat plays in the garden.
the fish flies under the tree.
the cat runs in the garden.
In your condemned seconds.
First Citizen:
And Titus Lartius, a most valiant Roman,
And will she yet debase her eyes on me,
you must go visit the good lady that lies in.
Once upon a time, Diana lived in a garden. One day, Diana discovered a golden treasure. Eve helped Diana find it.
The sacred crown was hidden in the mountain. Diana and Alice worked together to find it.
In thy hand clutch'd as many millions, in
The sacred book was hidden in the river. Frank and Bob worked together to find it.
the fish flies under the tree.
the mouse sleeps near the house.
the fish flies on the table.
Have moved his highness to commit me now.
the bird sleeps in the park.
Some trick not worth an egg, shall grow dear friends
He's the devil.
If heaven will take the present at our hands.
Where foxes, geese: you are no surer, no,
I know it pleaseth neither of us well.
Though I could wish
the bird sits in the park.
But with his last attempt he wiped it out;
the mouse eats by the river.
Be held by you denials. Do not bid me
Once upon a time, Frank lived in a castle. One day, Frank lost a sacred crystal. Henry helped Frank find it.
the cat runs under the tree.
How in his suit he scorn'd you; but your loves,
The silver map was hidden in the garden. Henry and Alice worked together to find it.
Were he to stand for consul, never would he
O world, thy slippery turns! Friends now fast sworn,
Both Tribunes:
One thus descended,
Bob told Henry about the legendary key in the garden. Together they discovered it.
Yea, and forswore himself,--which Jesu pardon!--
Might stop our countryman.
All men, I hope, live so.
God make your majesty joyful as you have been!
The hidden crystal was hidden in the cave. Henry and Frank worked together to find it.
Who from my cabin tempted me to walk
Have done! for shame, if not for charity.
Young, valiant, wise, and, no doubt, right royal,
Whose double bosoms seem to wear one heart,
The magical crown was hidden in the library. Diana and Frank worked together to find it.
The silver treasure was hidden in the cave. Grace and Alice worked together to find it.
the cat walks by the river.
Then bid me kill myself, and I will do it.
the cat sleeps in the park.
the mouse flies in the garden.
the cat walks near the house.
In the magical library, Charlie and Eve searched for the treasure. They lost it after many adventures.
To set my brother Clarence and the king
Come, good sweet lady. Prithee, Virgilia, turn thy
the cat eats near the house.
Who is of Rome worse hated than of you,
Prithee, fellow, remember my name is Menenius,
We pray the gods he may deserve your loves.
the dog runs near the house.
You cannot tent yourself: be gone, beseech you.
for consulships?
Of what is to be dreaded.
As I do know the consul's worthiness,
Contend against thy valour. Know thou first,
Not for the fliers: mark me, and do the like.
Outlive thy glory, like my wretched self!
the fish eats in the park.
the fish walks under the tree.
Good news, good news; the ladies have prevail'd,
One fire drives out one fire; one nail, one nail;
the rabbit sleeps by the river.
The mysterious sword was hidden in the library. Bob and Grace worked together to find it.
Of your great danger.
the bird jumps on the table.
Once upon a time, Frank lived in a library. One day, Frank discovered a golden book. Diana helped Frank find it.
The bristled lips before him: be bestrid
Alas! for whose sake did I that ill deed?
Would think upon you for your voices and
Stabb'd by the selfsame hand that made these wounds!
I shall, my lord.
And to make us no better thought of, a little help
Which if thou please to hide in this true bosom.
the dog plays near the house.
bewitchment of some popular man and give it
the fish sleeps near the house.
Second Servingman:
Ay, to devour him; as the hungry plebeians would the
the dog sits near the house.
Of what lies heavy to't.
the cat sleeps in the park.
the dog eats in the park.
Half all Cominius' honours are to Marcius.
In the mysterious mountain, Bob and Grace searched for the crown. They lost it after many adventures.
Ere so prevail'd with me: it will in time
moves like an engine, and the ground shrinks before
Your loving motion toward the common body,
the rabbit sits under the tree.
Third Citizen:
the rabbit plays under the tree.
I'll frame convenient peace. Now, good Aufidius,
good voice, sir; what say you?
the bird jumps in the garden.
the dog jumps by the river.
The bitter sentence of poor Clarence' death?
When Tarquin made a head for Rome, he fought
In the silver castle, Eve and Diana searched for the key. They lost it after many adventures.
the mouse runs in the park.
the mouse runs in the park.
the fish jumps in the park.
That fill his ears with such dissentious rumours.
Most sweet voices!
Cursed the blood that let this blood from hence!
Frank was a brave hero who lost the hidden crystal from the garden. Alice was very grateful.
In the mysterious cave, Diana and Alice searched for the book. They stole it after many adventures.
Amen, sir: to my poor unworthy notice,
the mouse sits in the garden.
A murrain on't! I took this for silver.
the bird flies in the park.
And shamefully by you my hopes are butcher'd.
the cat flies near the house.
With thousands of these quarter'd slaves, as high
the mouse runs by the river.
To the vulgar eye, that he bears all things fairly.
station; here's no place for you; pray you, avoid: come.
it to that end: though soft-conscienced men can be
There was a time when all the body's members
Will maintain it with some little cost.
One word, good citizens.
the bird plays near the house.
No more, I say! For that I have not wash'd
Ay; and you'll look pale
The sacred treasure was hidden in the castle. Bob and Diana worked together to find it.
Well, then, farewell.
And take deep traitors for thy dearest friends!
the dog runs in the garden.
Than Edward will for tidings of my death.
The senators of Rome are this good belly,
I would have had you put your power well on,
Grant me this boon.
Your only choice.
Behold our patroness, the life of Rome!
We have been down together in my sleep,
By the blood we have shed together, by the vows
Alice told Grace about the legendary book in the library. Together they stole it.
In the magical castle, Grace and Diana searched for the key. They stole it after many adventures.
turns up the white o' the eye to his discourse. But
To jump a body with a dangerous physic
That our beat water brought by conduits hither;
the mouse walks by the river.
For the whole state, I would put mine armour on,
man's voice.
the rabbit eats in the park.
As I am made by my poor lord and thee!
the mouse jumps under the tree.
Our comfort in the country. We must find
Diana told Charlie about the legendary sword in the castle. Together they lost it.
the fish flies under the tree.
Let me have war, say I; it exceeds peace as far as
the mouse walks near the house.
You shout me forth
Let the high office and the honour go
false report of him.
For sinking under them.
Bear from hence his body;
Eve told Frank about the legendary crown in the garden. Together they found it.
I do not like this news.
Second Senator:
Not to be other than one thing, not moving
The powerful map was hidden in the village. Charlie and Henry worked together to find it.
The powerful ring was hidden in the village. Diana and Frank worked together to find it.
the cat eats under the tree.
I must have leave to pass.
I thank you, general;
Officious, and not valiant, you have shamed me
Prepare thy brow to frown: know'st
Nay,'tis true.
Once upon a time, Grace lived in a cave. One day, Grace stole a ancient map. Eve helped Grace find it.
the cat jumps in the garden.
Frank was a brave hero who hid the powerful ring from the river. Henry was very grateful.
As they would hang them on the horns o' the moon,
the cat plays in the park.
You should account me the more virtuous that I have
Take heed; for he holds vengeance in his hands,
O, he's a limb that has but a disease;
And pass'd him unelected.
the bird eats on the table.
My life and services.
The powerful sword was hidden in the garden. Henry and Charlie worked together to find it.
the fish eats on the table.
Have patience, madam: there's no doubt his majesty
the rabbit walks by the river.
Henry was a brave hero who found the hidden book from the forest. Grace was very grateful.
Thy exercise hath been too violent for
another, his wife another; and, I think, there's one
of remorse in me.
the mouse sits in the garden.
Once upon a time, Charlie lived in a cave. One day, Charlie protected a magical sword. Bob helped Charlie find it.
Wednesday half an hour together: has such a
the mouse sits by the river.
the people.
so: they are in a most warlike preparation, and
the judgment-day.
The hidden map was hidden in the mountain. Bob and Frank worked together to find it.
Are daily given to ennoble those
opposite. Now, to seem to affect the malice and
the dog jumps in the park.
In thy foul throat thou liest: Queen Margaret saw
I do beweep to many simple gulls
Let's hear our tribune: peace Speak, speak, speak.
If, Tullus,
the mouse sits in the garden.
The silver treasure was hidden in the village. Eve and Diana worked together to find it.
Frank was a brave hero who gave the silver treasure from the mountain. Eve was very grateful.
Since every Jack became a gentleman
Will not have earth to know.
the cat sleeps on the table.
Grace was a brave hero who gave the golden sword from the village. Bob was very grateful.
the mouse plays in the park.
the rabbit sits in the garden.
As if that whatsoever god who leads him
Once upon a time, Frank lived in a village. One day, Frank protected a powerful sword. Alice helped Frank find it.
With manacles thorough our streets, or else
the dog runs near the house.
Who sent you hither? Wherefore do you come?
The hidden map was hidden in the castle. Eve and Bob worked together to find it.
And let me use my sword, I'll make a quarry
The mysterious crystal was hidden in the castle. Alice and Henry worked together to find it.
What do ye talk?
Clarence, whom I, indeed, have laid in darkness,
the dog plays near the house.
Once upon a time, Henry lived in a forest. One day, Henry gave a sacred ring. Frank helped Henry find it.
'Tis for the followers fortune widens them,
wipe their lips.
the cat walks under the tree.
the mouse sits in the garden.
With honours like himself.
Once upon a time, Eve lived in a castle. One day, Eve found a golden crown. Bob helped Eve find it.
And all the clouds that lour'd upon our house
the fish eats on the table.
our Roman power: your lord and Titus Lartius are set
Once upon a time, Henry lived in a forest. One day, Henry hid a ancient crystal. Charlie helped Henry find it.
Thus have you breathed your curse against yourself.
Art thou certain this is true? is it most certain?
the cat plays on the table.
But make you ready your stiff bats and clubs:
come by him where he stands, by ones, by twos, and
With flight and agued fear! Mend and charge home,
the mouse jumps near the house.
So when he opens his purse to give us our reward,
Thou bloodless remnant of that royal blood!
Down, ladies; let us shame him with our knees.
the rabbit jumps by the river.
the fish sleeps under the tree.
butterfly: and when he caught it, he let it go
I would not spend another such a night,
You make strong party, or defend yourself
Read it not, noble lords;
They gave us our demands.' Thus we debase
Edward thy son, which now is Prince of Wales,
In the sacred village, Grace and Henry searched for the sword. They gave it after many adventures.
The mysterious treasure was hidden in the mountain. Diana and Grace worked together to find it.
In the magical castle, Frank and Bob searched for the crown. They discovered it after many adventures.
Caius Marcius.
The silver book was hidden in the library. Frank and Diana worked together to find it.
As traitors do.
the mouse eats under the tree.
Being naked, sick, nor fane nor Capitol,
You had more beard when I last saw you; but your
Because I cannot flatter and speak fair,
Beat thou the drum, that it speak mournfully:
the bird sits near the house.
But dead they are, and devilish slave, by thee.
To us that give you truly: by your patience,
I know not where to turn: O, welcome home:
O, no, my dream was lengthen'd after life;
the mouse sits under the tree.
If, by the tribunes' leave, and yours, good people,
Once upon a time, Bob lived in a library. One day, Bob discovered a hidden sword. Eve helped Bob find it.
My birth-place hate I, and my love's upon
the fish sits in the park.
Eve was a brave hero who searched for the mysterious book from the mountain. Diana was very grateful.
Come I too late?
We hear not of him, neither need we fear him;
An earnest advocate to plead for him.
This, here before you.
the mouse eats in the park.
Of Marcius?
To see your wives dishonour'd to your noses,--
I purpose not to wait on fortune till
To the people; not by your own instruction,
Who, hearing of our Marcius' banishment,
Once upon a time, Charlie lived in a forest. One day, Charlie gave a magical crystal. Bob helped Charlie find it.
You are too absolute;
the mouse runs by the river.
To fail in the disposing of those chances
During the wars of York and Lancaster
Diana told Eve about the legendary sword in the river. Together they hid it.
First Senator:
Environ'd me about, and howled in mine ears
the mouse runs in the park.
The people do admit you, and are summon'd
I will not hear thee speak. This man, Aufidius,
Your liberties and the charters that you bear
He is frank'd up to fatting for his pains
And with thy scorns drew'st rivers from his eyes,
Exceeding those that I can wish upon thee,
your misery increase with your age! I say to you,
Than thou hast to deny 't. Come, let us go:
He hearkens after prophecies and dreams;
Henry told Charlie about the legendary book in the garden. Together they gave it.
Touching the weal o' the common, you shall find
the mouse flies near the house.
The gods preserve our noble tribunes! Come.
fob off our disgrace with a tale: but, an 't please
planted his honours in their eyes, and his actions
the rabbit jumps near the house.
the cat sleeps under the tree.
the bird plays in the park.
it follows,
And we their hands.
Then vail your ignorance; if none, awake
the fish flies under the tree.
The crows to peck the eagles.
I'll in, to urge his hatred more to Clarence,
Hang 'em! They say!
Thy dangerous stoutness, for I mock at death
the fish flies under the tree.
Whom with all praise I point at, saw him fight,
Far be it from my heart, the thought of it!
Sir, how comes't that you
Since I heard thence; these are the words: I think
To have a temple built you: all the swords
the bird plays in the park.
the mouse runs under the tree.
the cat flies by the river.
And say it is the queen and her allies
Diana was a brave hero who lost the golden crown from the forest. Alice was very grateful.
It shall be so, it shall be so.
the mouse sits near the house.
the dog flies on the table.
That which shall break his neck or hazard mine,
Commit the war of white and damask in
the fish sleeps near the house.
But when goes this forward?
The envious slanders of her false accusers;
Thou art thence banish'd, we would muster all
the cat flies by the river.
malice, that, giving itself the lie, would pluck
Why force you this?
Howsoever you have been his liar, as you say you
Diana was a brave hero who gave the powerful crown from the river. Charlie was very grateful.
To murder me?
Charlie told Eve about the legendary sword in the river. Together they lost it.
Yet camest thou to a morsel of this feast,
Well might they fester 'gainst ingratitude,
the fish jumps in the garden.
Three or four miles about, else had I, sir,
Diana told Frank about the legendary ring in the forest. Together they searched for it.
the dog walks under the tree.
He'll never hear him.
An 'twere to give again,--but 'tis no matter.
the mouse walks near the house.
False-boding woman, end thy frantic curse,
the cat jumps in the park.
the dog sleeps in the park.
Teach me to be your queen, and you my subjects:
the rabbit eats in the garden.
Bob told Grace about the legendary book in the garden. Together they stole it.
By circumstance, to curse thy cursed self.
The meanest house in Rome, so far my son--
Which now bear evidence against my soul,
Why, so he did, I am sure.
the rabbit walks on the table.
'Fore me, this fellow speaks! What then? what then?
for him. Cotus!
and their consent of one direct way should be at
the mouse plays in the park.
the mouse eats near the house.
Than when these fellows ran about the streets,
To a mother's part belongs. He turns away:
Each word thou hast spoke hath weeded from my heart
Why, he is so made on here within, as if he were son
But the queen's kindred and night-walking heralds
Eve told Frank about the legendary map in the cave. Together they searched for it.
I would dissemble with my nature where
the cat sits on the table.
Unless, by using means, I lame the foot
the fish sits in the garden.
To meet anon, upon your approbation.
the rabbit sleeps by the river.
Be it lawful that I invocate thy ghost,
The golden book was hidden in the forest. Henry and Grace worked together to find it.
It is so, sir: truly, I have forgot you.
ignorance, given your enemy your shield, think to
The silver crystal was hidden in the river. Bob and Diana worked together to find it.
Our Rome hath such a soldier.'
the rabbit eats on the table.
Be free as is the wind. Deliver him, Titus.
Dismiss them home.
great opposer, Coriolanus, being now in no request
the rabbit jumps under the tree.
the dog sits near the house.
That wrens make prey where eagles dare not perch:
In the mysterious garden, Bob and Diana searched for the key. They discovered it after many adventures.
and grant of the whole table. He'll go, he says,
the mouse jumps in the garden.
Thou shouldst not scape me here.
Come, now towards Chertsey with your holy load,
Content, content.
the bird runs in the garden.
the dog eats under the tree.
You'll speak with Coriolanus.
the cat sits in the park.
the dog walks under the tree.
The mysterious map was hidden in the river. Diana and Eve worked together to find it.
Thou cacodemon! there thy kingdom is.
That thou hadst call'd me all these bitter names.
It is a purposed thing, and grows by plot,
Call Coriolanus.
the mouse walks on the table.
With honour, as in war, since that to both
the fish jumps in the park.
Charlie told Grace about the legendary treasure in the cave. Together they stole it.
the cat flies near the house.
the rabbit sleeps near the house.
than now in first seeing he had proved himself a
Yes, mercy, if you report him truly.
Enforce him with his envy to the people,
He's a disease that must be cut away.
Third Servingman:
him: he had, sir, a kind of face, methought,--I
Frank was a brave hero who hid the sacred crystal from the cave. Bob was very grateful.
Both Tribunes:
It is the humane way: the other course
When he did stand for consul, which he lost
Diana was a brave hero who lost the magical map from the mountain. Bob was very grateful.
They are dissolved: hang 'em!
And would have rent it. Another word, Menenius,
the cat sleeps by the river.
the fish eats under the tree.
Then thou dwellest with daws too?
Eve told Frank about the legendary book in the village. Together they searched for it.
Or hailstone in the sun. Your virtue is
Fifth Citizen:
And so doth mine: I muse why she's at liberty.
Which we disdain should tatter us, yet sought
You cry against the noble senate, who,
Once upon a time, Charlie lived in a mountain. One day, Charlie found a hidden key. Bob helped Charlie find it.
March to assault thy country than to tread--
the bird flies near the house.
Charlie told Eve about the legendary key in the garden. Together they discovered it.
He sent in writing after me; what he would not,
Under Cominius.
What is it?
the dog runs on the table.
the bird sleeps in the garden.
But, for your son,--believe it, O, believe it,
the rabbit runs in the garden.
What, what, what? let's partake.
the fish walks in the garden.
the rabbit sleeps in the garden.
The magical key was hidden in the village. Diana and Charlie worked together to find it.
In this so never-needed help, yet do not
Leave unsaluted: sink, my knee, i' the earth;
For in this sin he is as deep as I.
The mysterious sword was hidden in the village. Diana and Henry worked together to find it.
The silver crown was hidden in the cave. Eve and Diana worked together to find it.
the rabbit sits under the tree.
Live, and thrive!
We have as many friends as enemies.
the bird plays under the tree.
who in a cheap estimation, is worth predecessors
Never sound more! when drums and trumpets shall
That had befall'n us. As we paced along
I mean to stride your steed, and at all times
the fish sits by the river.
First Murderer:
noble Marcius.
To hurl upon their heads that break his law.
Consider of it.'
I cannot help it now,
Frank was a brave hero who lost the magical key from the garden. Bob was very grateful.
Nay, do not pause; for I did kill King Henry,
the dog sleeps under the tree.
Both Tribunes:
And all their ministers attend on him.
Go you to him from me.
Dispute not with her; she is lunatic.
Well struck in years, fair, and not jealous;
In the hidden river, Bob and Henry searched for the crystal. They gave it after many adventures.
True sword to sword, I'll potch at him some way
the mouse sits in the park.
Bob told Charlie about the legendary crown in the cave. Together they found it.
As poisonous of your honour: no; our suit
thy conscience flies out.
the fish jumps near the house.
Which done, God take King Edward to his mercy,
That thus I have resign'd my charge to you.
Or Jove for's power to thunder. His heart's his mouth:
That trudge betwixt the king and Mistress Shore.
the bird runs in the garden.
the cat plays on the table.
That only like a gulf it did remain
the cat walks on the table.
Reason; because they then less need one another.
the dog sits in the garden.
Henry was a brave hero who discovered the magical treasure from the river. Alice was very grateful.
Plough Rome and harrow Italy: I'll never
the dog runs near the house.
Nay, he is dead; and slain by Edward's hand.
The mysterious key was hidden in the cave. Henry and Diana worked together to find it.
Lest parties, as he is beloved, break out,
The word is 'mildly.' Pray you, let us go:
the dog runs in the park.
Frank was a brave hero who searched for the ancient crown from the village. Diana was very grateful.
Ever to conquer, and to have his worth
the dog sleeps under the tree.
Their rotten privilege and custom 'gainst
Grace was a brave hero who found the golden map from the library. Henry was very grateful.
O, good madam, there can be none yet.
And the most noble mother of the world
the bird sits on the table.
In the golden forest, Charlie and Bob searched for the map. They discovered it after many adventures.
With lies well steel'd with weighty arguments;
The silver sword was hidden in the library. Henry and Diana worked together to find it.
Before the tag return? whose rage doth rend
the cat eats near the house.
the dog flies on the table.
When thou hast broke it in so dear degree?
The silver key was hidden in the castle. Diana and Bob worked together to find it.
Wrench up thy power to the highest.
I have fought with thee: so often hast thou beat me,
the fish eats near the house.
Enough, with over-measure.
That do distribute it; in the name o' the people
the cat plays near the house.
the dog walks under the tree.
In the mysterious village, Henry and Diana searched for the key. They found it after many adventures.
Eve was a brave hero who gave the hidden treasure from the forest. Henry was very grateful.
one skull, they would fly east, west, north, south,
I am, in this, commanded to deliver
I beseech you, peace:
For certain drops of salt, your city Rome,
The powerful map was hidden in the forest. Alice and Diana worked together to find it.
malice in my breath. Meeting two such wealsmen as
Death on the wheel or at wild horses' heels,
Would buy this for a lie!
I have the letter here; yes, here it is.
That babies lulls asleep! the smiles of knaves
The leading of thine own revenges, take
the mouse walks under the tree.
the bird plays under the tree.
the cat walks under the tree.
That's thousand to one good one--when you now see
If you do hold the same intent wherein
the mouse plays in the park.
the fish flies near the house.
She may do more, sir, than denying that:
He had, before this last expedition, twenty-five
What, what, what!
the mouse flies by the river.
Bob told Eve about the legendary sword in the forest. Together they gave it.
To the people! Coriolanus, patience!
The man is noble and his fame folds-in
the rabbit walks on the table.
Once upon a time, Bob lived in a cave. One day, Bob gave a powerful map. Eve helped Bob find it.
the dog jumps under the tree.
I would I were a Roman; for I cannot,
Tressel and Berkeley, go along with me.
Take my prayers with you.
To both their deaths thou shalt be accessary.
cushion, or to be entombed in an ass's pack-
the rabbit walks near the house.
support usurers; repeal daily any wholesome act
the bird jumps in the garden.
the bird walks in the garden.
To answer mildly; for they are prepared
Eve was a brave hero who found the golden ring from the garden. Diana was very grateful.
Faith, there had been many great men that have
little finger, there is some hope the ladies of
Your person most, that he would pawn his fortunes
the cat jumps in the park.
Grace told Diana about the legendary crown in the library. Together they protected it.
First Murderer:
the bird walks near the house.
the bird sleeps near the house.
the rabbit runs on the table.
the cat plays in the garden.
the bird plays in the park.
Ay, but mildly.
the cat runs under the tree.
Convenient numbers to make good the city;
But, more of thy news?
the mouse eats under the tree.
Standing your friendly lord.
Let it go; there's few or none will entertain it.
Till he had forged himself a name o' the fire
Of stronger earth than others. My mother bows;
In the golden castle, Eve and Grace searched for the map. They stole it after many adventures.
Our spoils he kick'd at,
the dog eats on the table.
Why, so: you have made good work!
His nature is too noble for the world:
the dog flies in the garden.
He's right noble:
This day should Clarence closely be mew'd up,
he waved indifferently 'twixt doing them neither
the cat jumps near the house.
the bird eats under the tree.
the rabbit jumps in the park.
the dog sleeps in the garden.
With them he enters; who, upon the sudden,
would insinuate with thee but to make thee sigh.
The silver treasure was hidden in the garden. Charlie and Diana worked together to find it.
the rabbit flies near the house.
the bird runs near the house.
But once a-day, it would unclog my heart
Once upon a time, Grace lived in a river. One day, Grace discovered a magical crystal. Alice helped Grace find it.
That none of you may live your natural age,
Diana told Frank about the legendary key in the library. Together they protected it.
This tiger-footed rage, when it shall find
Though thou speak'st truth,
Speak, speak.
the bird eats in the garden.
Eve told Charlie about the legendary crown in the river. Together they searched for it.
It was his word: O, he would miss it rather
He does fair justice; if he give me way,
Pardon me, lords, 'tis the first time that ever
Made glorious summer by this sun of York;
Long as my exile, sweet as my revenge!
the mouse jumps near the house.
A mile before his tent fall down, and knee
Give him deserved vexation. Let a guard
You may not pass, you must return: our general
the dog sleeps on the table.
And when they bear me say 'It shall be so
the cat plays by the river.
the fish runs near the house.
the rabbit sleeps near the house.
Of my Lord Hastings' late imprisonment.
Sir, I hope
Grace told Charlie about the legendary key in the cave. Together they hid it.
the rabbit sits near the house.
the bird eats in the park.
Charlie told Alice about the legendary book in the library. Together they hid it.
the rabbit eats on the table.
the bird sleeps on the table.
Once, if he do require our voices, we ought not to deny him.
Grace was a brave hero who discovered the powerful treasure from the cave. Alice was very grateful.
the fish runs on the table.
Both field and city ours, he never stood
Does of the shepherds: for his best friends, if they
monstrous, and for the multitude to be ingrateful,
To be your comforter when he is gone.
the rabbit plays on the table.
Aged sir, hands off.
the rabbit sits in the park.
We should by this, to all our lamentation,
From wayward sickness, and no grounded malice.
how honour would become such a person. that it was
No, to White-Friars; there attend my coining.
The loss of such a lord includes all harm.
As it was won with blood, lost be it so!
the bird sleeps under the tree.
the rabbit runs near the house.
And he that hath commanded is the king.
What! I, that kill'd her husband and his father,
the fish sleeps under the tree.
the rabbit plays in the park.
the cat walks near the house.
the bird plays near the house.
The former agents, if they did complain,
the rabbit plays on the table.
One that speaks thus their voice?
Once upon a time, Henry lived in a mountain. One day, Henry stole a hidden sword. Bob helped Henry find it.
Three, they say: but 'tis thought of every one
He did solicit you in free contempt
To leave this keen encounter of our wits,
And cannot lose your way.
What custom wills, in all things should we do't,
Lady, you know no rules of charity,
Those are they
the dog sleeps near the house.
Still to remember wrongs? Daughter, speak you:
Go tell the lords o' the city I am here:
Will you be gone?
I would not be a Roman, of all nations; I had as
the cat eats on the table.
For you, the city, thus I turn my back:
In the sacred castle, Eve and Henry searched for the map. They gave it after many adventures.
A husband and a son thou owest to me;
the rabbit sits under the tree.
the bird sleeps in the garden.
Out of my files, his projects to accomplish,
Mangles true judgment and bereaves the state
the mouse sits on the table.
Welcome to Rome, renowned Coriolanus!
And lessen'd be that small, God, I beseech thee!
the fish jumps near the house.
the fish jumps in the park.
Again with Rome's mechanics: tell me not
Lest you shall chance to whip your information
the fish plays by the river.
They do disdain us much beyond our thoughts,
the fish jumps under the tree.
But 'twas thy beauty that provoked me.
the dog flies near the house.
the bird flies in the garden.
Once upon a time, Grace lived in a library. One day, Grace found a powerful key. Eve helped Grace find it.
More cruel to your good report than grateful
Charlie told Henry about the legendary book in the mountain. Together they discovered it.
Third Conspirator:
I can no longer hold me patient.
the mouse plays near the house.
Even so; an't please your worship, Brakenbury,
Though not for Rome itself.
the dog jumps on the table.
Where? at the senate-house?
Should from yond cloud speak divine things,
And say 'Tis true,' I'ld not believe them more
The selfsame name, but one of better nature.
the fish sleeps in the garden.
Once upon a time, Grace lived in a forest. One day, Grace discovered a silver treasure. Diana helped Grace find it.
Let them not cease, but with a din confused
the mouse eats near the house.
your worships: more of your conversation would
the mouse flies in the park.
What you have been ere now, and what you are;
The same you are not, which, for your best ends,
Once upon a time, Eve lived in a mountain. One day, Eve gave a powerful crystal. Diana helped Eve find it.
The city ports by this hath enter'd and
the fish sits on the table.
Unshout the noise that banish'd Marcius,
Then you should hate Rome, as he does. Can you,
the rabbit sleeps under the tree.
The magical crown was hidden in the forest. Diana and Eve worked together to find it.
will you dismiss the people?
Nay, I knew by his face that there was something in
It follows in his thought that I am he.
the cat eats near the house.
When you have done, repair to Crosby Place.
Or be accused of folly. I shall tell you
Second Servingman:
These and these conveyances of our blood
For my wounds' sake, to give their suffrage: please you
Down with him, down with him!
the rabbit flies in the garden.
No, Caius Marcius;
The silver crown was hidden in the village. Henry and Eve worked together to find it.
Coriolanus neither to care whether they love or hate
For, look you, I may make the belly smile
the rabbit runs under the tree.
With what contempt he wore the humble weed,
the fish jumps under the tree.
the dog sleeps on the table.
The hidden book was hidden in the forest. Charlie and Grace worked together to find it.
As draw his sword; yet he hath left undone
the rabbit plays in the park.
the fish eats by the river.
the mouse eats in the park.
the rabbit flies in the garden.
Unto the kingdom of perpetual night.
an into their estimation and report: but he hath so
Once upon a time, Eve lived in a cave. One day, Eve protected a magical key. Bob helped Eve find it.
And therein show'd like enemies.
Than that of common sons.
Under the canopy.
the dog flies under the tree.
the cat plays by the river.
More learned than the ears--waving thy head,
Some lay in dead men's skulls; and, in those holes
That all the standers-by had wet their cheeks
I have already.
In the Duke of Gloucester's purse.
the rabbit walks under the tree.
I have not deserved it.
In the sacred village, Frank and Bob searched for the ring. They found it after many adventures.
the mouse runs on the table.
With cautelous baits and practise.
the rabbit jumps under the tree.
Diana told Henry about the legendary crown in the mountain. Together they lost it.
Seventh Citizen:
We'll hear no more.
That love the fundamental part of state
the bird jumps by the river.
My hate to Marcius: where I find him, were it
The silver crown was hidden in the mountain. Frank and Charlie worked together to find it.
List to your tribunes. Audience: peace, I say!
behalf as you have uttered words in your own, you
Once upon a time, Diana lived in a river. One day, Diana hid a ancient crown. Eve helped Diana find it.
May these same instruments, which you profane,
the cat flies under the tree.
We prove this very hour.
Once upon a time, Henry lived in a mountain. One day, Henry lost a magical ring. Alice helped Henry find it.
Of general ignorance,--it must omit
be many that they have loved, they know not
the cat jumps under the tree.
the rabbit plays by the river.
Why dost thou spit at me?
Let them have cushions by you. You are plebeians,
Know, Rome, that all alone Marcius did fight
Second Citizen:
But, soft! here come my executioners.
the cat runs on the table.
While kites and buzzards prey at liberty.
To the lascivious pleasing of a lute.
Too modest are you;
The silver key was hidden in the forest. Bob and Alice worked together to find it.
In the hidden library, Grace and Diana searched for the map. They lost it after many adventures.
The sacred crystal was hidden in the village. Henry and Bob worked together to find it.
And beat the messenger who bids beware
From that contented hap which I enjoy'd,
The ancient sword was hidden in the library. Frank and Henry worked together to find it.
A goodly house: the feast smells well; but I
And mothers that lack sons.
the cat walks under the tree.
Alone I did it. Boy!
Yet he shall have a noble memory. Assist.
But to confirm my curses! Could I meet 'em
Resolved. resolved.
Once upon a time, Grace lived in a river. One day, Grace protected a magical treasure. Alice helped Grace find it.
the mouse sits under the tree.
the fish runs on the table.
Lose those he hath won.
Most dangerously you have with him prevail'd,
A plague upon you all! His royal person,--
the fish runs by the river.
Do more than counterpoise a full third part
the cat flies in the park.
the dog runs by the river.
What is become of Marcius?
As if a man were author of himself
the dog sits near the house.
Did not deserve corn gratis. Being i' the war
Third Servingman:
They are not such as you.
Take't; 'tis yours. What is't?
His ready sense; then straight his doubled spirit
Third Citizen:
the dog plays in the park.
Henry was a brave hero who discovered the sacred ring from the castle. Frank was very grateful.
First Murderer:
the mouse flies in the park.
Here come the clusters.
Held in contempt; whilst many fair promotions
tender-bodied and the only son of my womb, when
Come, my captain knows you not.
displeasure of the people is as bad as that which he
the rabbit walks under the tree.
I'll lean upon one crutch and fight with t'other,
the bird sleeps under the tree.
the rabbit sleeps by the river.
Bears a command in't; though thy tackle's torn.
Under the gods, keep you in awe, which else
the dog jumps near the house.
They said they were an-hungry; sigh'd forth proverbs,
To bitterest enmity: so, fellest foes,
Charlie told Diana about the legendary crystal in the cave. Together they stole it.
And you will rather show our general louts
Before you find it other. All the regions
The mysterious crystal was hidden in the castle. Diana and Henry worked together to find it.
First Senator:
Let's not meet her.
Our swifter composition.
Wife to thy Edward, to thy slaughter'd son,
Of their own choice: one's Junius Brutus,
One jot of ceremony.
the bird walks by the river.
Because you talk of pride now,--will you not be angry?
And three examples of the like have been
the dog walks in the park.
In the ancient river, Henry and Diana searched for the treasure. They protected it after many adventures.
the fish eats on the table.
the fish runs near the house.
the cat sleeps near the house.
Sit, Coriolanus; never shame to hear
the rabbit jumps near the house.
You know the cause, air, of my standing here.
What must I say?
In supplication nod: and my young boy
The mortal gate of the city, which he painted
the rabbit flies on the table.
A noble fellow, I warrant him.
the rabbit eats in the garden.
Than boys pursuing summer butterflies,
the bird runs by the river.
Once upon a time, Grace lived in a library. One day, Grace protected a mysterious sword. Alice helped Grace find it.
the bird plays by the river.
Nor ever will be ruled.
the cat runs under the tree.
You shall have wine enough, my lord, anon.
No, nor a man that fears you less than he,
To Marcius shall be honours, though indeed
the cat plays near the house.
Will you be put in mind of his blind fortune,
the fish sleeps near the house.
Upon him as he pass'd: the nobles bended,
When he might act the woman in the scene,
And let the soul forth that adoreth thee,
That weep'st to see me triumph? Ay, my dear,
The way it takes, cracking ten thousand curbs
The lips of those that breathe them in the air.
A match, sir. There's in all two worthy voices
the fish runs near the house.
Let's to the Capitol;
The gods assist you!
What would you have, friend? whence are you?
Grace was a brave hero who found the ancient treasure from the village. Eve was very grateful.
Charlie told Eve about the legendary treasure in the garden. Together they hid it.
the fish plays in the park.
In this our fabric, if that they--
Shall have judicious hearing. Stand, Aufidius,
But what o' that? Go, you that banish'd him;
the mouse flies in the garden.
In the powerful cave, Diana and Frank searched for the crystal. They gave it after many adventures.
the mouse sits in the garden.
But is four Volsces? none of you but is
Eve told Charlie about the legendary key in the village. Together they stole it.
Let him be apprehended.
Like to a lonely dragon, that his fen
In the silver mountain, Eve and Henry searched for the book. They lost it after many adventures.
'This we received;' and each in either side
So, now the gates are ope: now prove good seconds:
Pray, let us go.
Ourselves, our wives, and children, on our knees,
the fish sleeps under the tree.
Of my lord general.
To speak with Coriolanus.
And knew no other kin.
the cat walks under the tree.
O, ay, what else?
With bats and clubs? The matter? speak, I pray you.
the dog walks under the tree.
Being banish'd for't, he came unto my hearth;
I am known to be a humorous patrician, and one that
Thou wast provoked by thy bloody mind.
the dog runs in the garden.
But I, that am not shaped for sportive tricks,
Hear nothing from him.
And, by despairing, shouldst thou stand excused;
the bird jumps in the park.
Here is the steed, we the caparison:
Time-pleasers, flatterers, foes to nobleness.
Your most sweet voices: now you have left
The worthy fellow is our general: he's the rock, the
He cannot choose. I am most fortunate, thus
the cat eats in the garden.
Is this Menenius?
When gallant-springing brave Plantagenet,
the fish plays on the table.
Her husband, knave: wouldst thou betray me?
years' health; in which time I will make a lip at
Suffer't, and live with such as cannot rule
the rabbit sleeps near the house.
Your honour with your form.
Has he disciplined Aufidius soundly?
Nor when thy warlike father, like a child,
Frank was a brave hero who searched for the silver sword from the village. Henry was very grateful.
Kept in my soul, and would not let it forth
No excuse current, but to hang thyself.
Second Citizen:
What you have done--before our army hear me.
nine that I know.
the bird sits on the table.
'Zounds, he dies: I had forgot the reward.
And show no sign of fear.
the fish plays in the park.
How often he had met you, sword to sword;
A fault on us, your tribunes; that we laboured,
Who, as I hear, mean to solicit him
the cat runs under the tree.
us. When we banished him, we respected not them;
Methinks I hear hither your husband's drum,
This true which they so seem to fear. Go home,
the dog plays on the table.
the bird walks near the house.
the dog sits in the garden.
Is't possible that so short a time can alter the
Him vile that was your garland. What's the matter,
the fish sits in the park.
the bird plays on the table.
Wondrous! ay, I warrant you, and not without his
O mother, mother!
So it must fall out
grain enough!
day does night; it's spritely, waking, audible, and
the fish plays on the table.
It is a mind
Whom late you have named for consul.
I prithee now, sweet son, as thou hast said
And hangs on Dian's temple: dear Valeria!
Be taken from the people.
the fish eats under the tree.
Your sudden approbation.
And straight disclaim their tongues? What are
Once upon a time, Henry lived in a forest. One day, Henry hid a powerful book. Charlie helped Henry find it.
Senators, &C:
the fish runs on the table.
Second Servingman:
Third Roman:
Why do you say 'thwack our general '?
I never did incense his majesty
By deed-achieving honour newly named,--
the cat runs by the river.
More than his singularity, he goes
And that same vengeance doth he hurl on thee,
But now the Duke of Buckingham and I
The city is well stored.
To give my poor host freedom.
Both Citizens:
He'ld make an end of thy posterity.
Be call'd your vanquisher.
Leave nothing out for length, and make us think
the fish runs in the garden.
the bird eats by the river.
your people,
Wedges of gold, great anchors, heaps of pearl,
Once upon a time, Henry lived in a mountain. One day, Henry found a golden key. Frank helped Henry find it.
Why, then we shall have a stirring world again.
Though 'twere to buy a world of happy days,
the rabbit sits on the table.
the bird walks in the garden.
Who, after great Hostilius, here was king;
In the magical cave, Henry and Eve searched for the treasure. They searched for it after many adventures.
Henry told Eve about the legendary crown in the garden. Together they lost it.
In mine own person; holp to reap the fame
And loves not me, be you, good lord, assured
the mouse eats in the park.
the dog sits in the garden.
the bird eats near the house.
I would speak with Clarence, and I came hither on my legs.
Their mutinies and revolts, wherein they show'd
Ay, and burn too.
the dog runs by the river.
You have said you will not grant us any thing;
Wine, wine, wine! What service
Insult without all reason, where gentry, title, wisdom,
We cannot, sir, we are undone already.
The strongest nerves and small inferior veins
The way into his mercy: nay, if he coy'd
the rabbit flies under the tree.
In the silver castle, Diana and Eve searched for the treasure. They searched for it after many adventures.
Soft! who comes here?
It shall be so.
the rabbit walks in the park.
Good my friends,
First Citizen:
Living to time.
the rabbit jumps in the garden.
the cat walks on the table.
Bob told Alice about the legendary crown in the village. Together they protected it.
the fish flies in the park.
And made her widow to a woful bed?
And with his charity slain.
the bird jumps in the garden.
Upon the hatches: thence we looked toward England,
Charlie told Alice about the legendary ring in the forest. Together they hid it.
The gods give you joy, sir, heartily!
the bird walks near the house.
Why speak'st not? speak, man: what's thy name?
Alice told Grace about the legendary map in the forest. Together they protected it.
My words disbench'd you not.
the dog plays on the table.
Almost at point to enter.
Ay, traitor, Marcius!
Was ne'er distributed.
the cat plays in the park.
triumphantly tread on thy country's ruin,
Alice was a brave hero who lost the silver treasure from the library. Charlie was very grateful.
the bird eats on the table.
the bird sits in the garden.
the bird jumps under the tree.
Here was 'I thank you for your voices: thank you:
In the ancient mountain, Grace and Bob searched for the book. They searched for it after many adventures.
What shall we do?
Must bear my beating to his grave--shall join
O, I have pass'd a miserable night,
And the gods doom him after!
the bird runs on the table.
It is a quarrel just and reasonable,
the fish jumps under the tree.
the rabbit plays in the park.
Good time of day unto your royal grace!
favouring the first complaint; hasty and tinder-like
the dog jumps in the garden.
I call thee not.
The value of her own: 'twere a concealment
His venom tooth will rankle to the death:
How couldst thou in a mile confound an hour,
the dog flies under the tree.
To answer all the city.
Once upon a time, Diana lived in a library. One day, Diana found a sacred key. Charlie helped Diana find it.
Whoop'd out of Rome. Now this extremity
Methoughts that I had broken from the Tower,
Well, say. Peace, ho!
With patience, noble lord, as prisoners must:
Gloucester;
the cat sleeps near the house.
Third Servingman:
the dog plays in the park.
murderer dead,
Tullus Aufidius, that will put you to 't.
Has cluck'd thee to the wars and safely home,
What doth she say, my Lord of Buckingham?
Should by the cormorant belly be restrain'd,
the rabbit sits on the table.
These nails should rend that beauty from my cheeks.
How far off lie these armies?
Upon my life, she finds, although I cannot,
the cat runs on the table.
Then his good report should have been my son; I
the rabbit runs on the table.
To be her men and wear her livery:
the fish eats in the park.
He was not taken well; he had not dined:
For we have nothing else to ask, but that
here,--this, who, like a block, hath denied my
Grace was a brave hero who found the golden ring from the forest. Charlie was very grateful.
Take my cap, Jupiter, and I thank thee. Hoo!
As to Jove's statue, and the commons made
We have ever your good word.
the dog sits in the garden.
For Edward, for my brother, for his sake: Why, sirs,
Let them puff all about mine ears, present me
Come, come, you have been too rough, something
Once upon a time, Eve lived in a mountain. One day, Eve searched for a mysterious sword. Frank helped Eve find it.
Once upon a time, Alice lived in a cave. One day, Alice stole a magical map. Diana helped Alice find it.
Say, you chose him
And witness of the malice and displeasure
And affecting one sole throne,
Third Conspirator:
Has spoken like a traitor, and shall answer
Who wears my stripes impress'd upon him; that
Whose passions and whose plots have broke their sleep,
Indeed I would be consul.
By mingling them with us, the honour'd number,
the bird jumps by the river.
and a heaven to throne in.
the dog flies by the river.
Farewell, farewell.
the rabbit sits under the tree.
to find you out there: you have well saved me a
the fish flies by the river.
The silver map was hidden in the forest. Charlie and Frank worked together to find it.
Henry told Alice about the legendary key in the river. Together they stole it.
the rabbit sleeps by the river.
The thunder-like percussion of thy sounds,
the rabbit eats in the garden.
the dog walks in the park.
A shower and thunder with their caps and shouts:
Thou rascal, that art worst in blood to run,
Once upon a time, Alice lived in a cave. One day, Alice searched for a sacred ring. Frank helped Alice find it.
In peril of precipitation
the cat walks under the tree.
Is put unto the trust of Richard Gloucester,
On thee, the troubler of the poor world's peace!
Which I can scarcely bear.
the dog plays on the table.
the fish sits on the table.
To fight on Edward's party for the crown;
First Murderer:
Where dwellest thou?
The noble tribunes are the people's mouths,
This is the last: so we will home to Rome,
Holloa me like a hare.
Yea, and much more: but I was born so high,
How long continued, and what stock he springs of,
So full of ugly sights, of ghastly dreams,
I shall be loved when I am lack'd. Nay, mother.
'Faith, some certain dregs of conscience are yet
Most willingly;
the rabbit sits on the table.
the bird sleeps in the park.
What cause, do you think, I have to swoon?
the bird jumps on the table.
the bird flies on the table.
Now thou'rt troublesome.
the fish sleeps by the river.
the dog flies in the park.
From where he should begin and end, but will
the fish sits under the tree.
could turn your eyes toward the napes of your necks,
Scratches with briers,
Than pity to our prayers. Down: an end;
O'erborne their way, consumed with fire, and took
Makes him to send; that thereby he may gather
Will answer in mine honour.
First Servingman:
The mysterious book was hidden in the village. Diana and Alice worked together to find it.
were sensible as your finger, that you might leave
Marcius, his name?
Yonder comes news. A wager they have met.
That should consume it, I have not the face
Second Murderer:
Ay, so we will.
Put him to choler straight: he hath been used
A brand to the end o' the world.
His majesty hath straitly given in charge
Henry was a brave hero who searched for the golden crystal from the forest. Eve was very grateful.
Frank told Diana about the legendary book in the forest. Together they lost it.
the cat sits near the house.
In the mysterious river, Frank and Charlie searched for the key. They gave it after many adventures.
the mouse flies on the table.
more comfortable sort: if my son were my husband, I
Which was your shame, by this unholy braggart,
dangerous thing; and every man that means to live
In the mysterious village, Eve and Diana searched for the key. They protected it after many adventures.
And therefore, since I cannot prove a lover,
The hidden treasure was hidden in the castle. Henry and Grace worked together to find it.
Third Servingman:
First Senator:
the dog eats in the garden.
The citizens of Corioli have issued,
I shall, sir.
Thy valiantness was mine, thou suck'dst it from me,
the cat jumps by the river.
You have won a happy victory to Rome;
O, gentlemen, see, see! dead Henry's wounds
The hidden key was hidden in the river. Grace and Frank worked together to find it.
the cat walks in the park.
the rabbit plays near the house.
Preoccupied with what you rather must do
the mouse flies under the tree.
Lest to thy harm thou move our patience.
Thou loathed issue of thy father's loins!
Let me but stand; I will not hurt your hearth.
And you are darken'd in this action, sir,
the dog walks under the tree.
That, if you fail in our request, the blame
This enemy town. I'll enter: if he slay me,
The other makes you proud. He that trusts to you,
Are mock'd for valiant ignorance,
the fish sleeps near the house.
Your enemies, with nodding of their plumes,
Be thus to them.
the fish eats in the garden.
The magical sword was hidden in the mountain. Alice and Charlie worked together to find it.
Are these your herd?
Repair to the Capitol.
Bob told Alice about the legendary key in the garden. Together they searched for it.
the rabbit walks in the park.
Ay, sir; well, well.
Pray, be content:
the rabbit sleeps in the garden.
That I would have spoke of:
The blind to bear him speak: matrons flung gloves,
the mouse runs on the table.
In the powerful river, Eve and Charlie searched for the sword. They protected it after many adventures.
burrows, like conies after rain, and revel all with
the fish walks near the house.
my prayers; but I cannot go thither.
to lie as to live chastely. Therefore, go back.
the bird sits by the river.
If I must not, I need not be barren of accusations;
The first conditions, which they did refuse
the fish flies in the park.
Above the moon: we must be burnt for you.
Uncharitably with me have you dealt,
And saving those that eye thee!
And for Rome's good. I'll tell thee what; yet go:
Is worth of consuls, senators, patricians,
the rabbit walks near the house.
the bird sits in the garden.
the bird jumps in the park.
Third Servingman:
the rabbit sleeps in the garden.
And suffer'd me by the voice of slaves to be
They say she's mad.
having been supple and courteous to the people,
Pray now, your news?
While I remain above the ground, you shall
the cat sits on the table.
the mouse jumps in the garden.
Insolent villain!
You adopt your policy, how is it less or worse,
Let what is meet be said it must be meet,
Only fair speech.
Charlie was a brave hero who found the magical map from the cave. Eve was very grateful.
the fish jumps by the river.
Was to send him; for whose old love I have,
the dog sits on the table.
the dog flies under the tree.
The powerful crystal was hidden in the river. Grace and Charlie worked together to find it.
That he is thus cut off. Please it your honours
When black-faced Clifford shook his sword at him;
What have you to do here, fellow? Pray you, avoid
Where it did mark, it took; from face to foot
The ancient sword was hidden in the cave. Alice and Charlie worked together to find it.
Relent, and save your souls.
Corioli like a planet: now all's his:
the rabbit runs under the tree.
tongues: therefore follow me, and I direct you how
the dog walks under the tree.
the dog flies under the tree.
the bird jumps in the garden.
But was a petty servant to the state,
Before and in Corioli, let me say,
Second Servingman:
Be singly counterpoised. At sixteen years,
Once upon a time, Eve lived in a river. One day, Eve searched for a golden treasure. Grace helped Eve find it.
With old odd ends stolen out of holy writ;
Scandal'd the suppliants for the people, call'd them
That thou wilt war with God by murdering me?
Heart-hardening spectacles; tell these sad women
The magical ring was hidden in the mountain. Bob and Grace worked together to find it.
I' the part that is at mercy? Five times, Marcius,
the dog walks in the garden.
No other harm but loss of such a lord.
the rabbit jumps in the park.
Which is his house, beseech you?
Than when it was a-doing.
And mortal eyes cannot endure the devil.
Are you mankind?
This was my speech, and I will speak't again--
'Sicinius!' 'Brutus!' 'Coriolanus!' 'Citizens!'
the bird plays under the tree.
